Priyanka and Akhilesh have linked the Unnao rape case accused to the BJP.
The integrated command control centre will be ready by the end of December.
A teenager in Haryana was gang-raped twice in three months.
Elections in 27 districts will be held on December 27 and 30.
The Congress has said there is no law and order in Uttar Pradesh.
APSRTC is set to hike bus fares.
Rahul Gandhi has described the BPCL sale as an outright theft.
For thieves, onions have become the bling thing.
Tension arose during an eviction drive.
A day after the Telangana incident, a mob attacked the Walayar rape accused.
It has been said that there was more to the meeting between the Prime Minister and Pawar.
Three labourers were killed in a landslip.
Free spirit
Path to enlightenment
Braving the elements
Path to enlightenment
The Income Tax Department raided brokers for fraudulent trades.
The Free Ride Scheme for women has been introduced.
The Chief Justice of India has said that justice can never be instant.
Namma Metro parking lots remain a safety hazard.
Priority will be given to Kannadigas in private sector jobs.
Disqualified MLAs are lobbying for key portfolios.
Basic amenities are missing at government schools in Nuh.
Two AMU students have been booked for sharing a post.
The Chief Minister has ordered a probe into the politician-gangster nexus in Punjab.
A 'Zero FIR' has been lodged in Subedari police station.
Flood victims' wait for farmland continues.
It has been said that climate change has triggered a spike in onion prices.
Disqualified MLAs are lobbying for key portfolios.
Flood victims' wait for farmland continues.
'Black pepper prices fell due to more production'
national
In the second phase in Jharkhand, 63.44% polling was recorded.
The U.P. police have stated that they killed 103 people in two years.
Disqualified MLAs in Karnataka are intensively lobbying for key posts.
A suitcase has unlocked a tale of betrayal and murder.
Ministers and an MP faced protests at a victim's village.
Petitions have been filed in the Supreme Court seeking a probe into Hyderabad killings.
Measles outbreaks continue unabated, says WHO.
The Congress will vote against controversial legislation.
The BJP is confident of getting the Citizenship Bill passed in the Rajya Sabha.
Poll results from two years ago remain unpublished.
A fear of eviction looms large over tribals in Madhya Pradesh.
The USISPF chief has said that India and the U.S. will conclude trade talks soon.
'BJP-JJP govt. failed to ensure women's safety'
A man was arrested in Tripura for raping and burning a minor.
A Supreme Court judge has called for quick dispute resolution.
A teenager in Haryana was gang-raped twice in three months.
Brokers were raided for fraudulent trades.
A mob attacked the accused in the Walayar rape case.
Priyanka and Akhilesh have linked the Unnao accused to the BJP.
An NRI businessman detained in Kashmir has been released for three months.
The family has opted for burial and a memorial will be set up.
The Culture Ministry has said that fund misuse is being probed.
Four minors have been held for rape in Bulandshahr.
It has been stated that the arrest spree was intended to foil the Jammu bandh.
Infantry colours
The Enforcement Directorate has attached assets in a bank loan fraud case.
Lawyers thrashed a rape accused in Indore.
It has been stated that free legal aid and technology are levellers.
A rape victim has faced an acid attack.
It has been stated that sanitation has become a social movement.
The court has refused to cancel the warrant against Choksi.
Chidambaram has predicted an increase in GST rates.
Amarinder has ordered a probe into the politicians-gangsters nexus.
A tribal girl was raped by the husband of a headmistress at Odisha.
A case has been filed against Paswan over onion prices.
The Statue of Unity has overtaken the Statue of Liberty.
tamil nadu
chennai
It has been said that the Centre is looking to jack up GST rates to meet the budgetary deficit.
Onion prices have hit a record Rs. 160 per kg.
Light to moderate rains are likely today.
The High Court is piqued over the Registry delaying disposal of cases.
Metro stations have donned a new look as CMRL looks to step up revenue.
Judgement has been reserved in the Ayanavaram sexual assault case.
The CBSE can make changes to names in mark statements, according to the High Court.
A warrant has been issued against an inspector.
Electric scooters are available for Rs. 1 per minute.
Government eye doctors will be trained in paediatric ophthalmology, an official said.
A centre for health systems has opened.
As T. Nagar nears its 100th anniversary, a look at its history is underway.
Despite engaging Prashant Kishor, DMK retains Demos Project's services.
The ex-Mayor of Chennai, Balasundaram, is dead.
A 67-year-old man has been held for sexually assaulting a minor.
The Kavalan SOS app brings police to the door in time.
Ten people were hurt as a bus overturned.
The Governor has given Rs. 1 lakh to the fund for armed forces.
Telugu will be taught at the Tamil institute.
Teams are studying Tamil Nadu's model on preventing accident fatalities.
Charuhasan will receive an award at a film festival.
Three people have been held at Central station.
A woman has been held for the murder of her husband.
The HITS entrance exam will be held in April.
coimbatore
Textool Road is full of potholes.
Bharathiar University has referred the 'Part B' Ph.D. issue to the UGC.
An HPT-32 Deepak aircraft has been exhibited at the Police Museum.
Activists oppose the Transgender Persons Bill.
A plea has been made to the civic body.
A man has been arrested under the POCSO Act.
A man has been booked under the Arms Act.
Briefly
Power shutdown
dharmapuri
A farmers' association demands payment of cane arrears by the society.
dindigul
'Build scientific temper among students'
'Give Sri Lankan Tamil refugees citizenship'
erode
2,910 kg of adulterated jaggery has been seized in Chithode.
Funds have been sought to provide training to tribal people in furniture making.
A man complains of cheating in bitcoin trading.
Kongu Engineering College has bagged the 5th position in the Swachh campus ranking.
Power shutdown
hosur
Crackdown on aquafarms has begun.
madurai
A college carnival attracted 13,000 visitors.
Encroachments have been removed.
Water level
puducherry
AIADMK will move court against the government about the Local body polls.
The Aurobindo Ashram post office has been declared all-women.
Working hours have been extended.
ramanathapuram
The Collector has inspected rain-hit areas.
The SP made a trip to Manoli island looking for contraband goods.
salem
The DGP has inspected fire stations in Salem.
Youth was found dead.
thanjavur
There has been a cascading effect of Cyclone Gaja.
Records were destroyed in a fire.
Shed for temple car
Onions are being given free with smartphones.
Two people were killed in an accident near Thanjavur.
Quick draining of excess water should be ensured.
theni
The Minister has said that concrete lining will be done to prevent breach.
A man was murdered.
tiruchi
Wild growth hinders walkers.
Residents have been told to use the online system to get plan approval.
An idol has been unearthed.
Tangedco has begun identifying farmers for subsidised solar power schemes.
Three youths drowned at Velankanni.
Investigation officers have been honoured.
Red-eared slider turtles were seized at Tiruchi airport.
The World Bank has given preliminary approval for Rs. 2,900 crore to the Health Department.
Vaiko has said that the SEC is acting as per the Chief Minister's whims.
'Tangedco recruitment is transparent.'
World Soil Day was observed in a college.
tirunelveli
Stray cattle menace has returned to haunt road users.
A prank call received by a youth created a ripple.
Water level
tiruppur
Thiruvalluvan has been booked yet again.
tiruvannamalai
Tiruvannamalai reverberated with chants during the temple fest.
tiruvarur
The government is mulling selling onions at ration shops.
vellore
NCC cadets have organised a cleanliness campaign.
A woman's bag containing Rs. 1.10 lakh was snatched.
A man has been detained under the Goondas Act.
A murder accused has surrendered.
virudhunagar
'Provide proper drainage to paddy fields.'
Recruitment scams as con jobs are proliferating.
Onion price has crossed Rs. 200 a kg in Erode.
Trains have been rescheduled.
Yet another tractor with smuggled sand has been seized.
The Hindu and Margazhi
Water stagnation still irks.
Elections in 27 districts will be held on December 27 and 30.
Special buses have been arranged for the Karthigai festival.
Add Briefly
Chennai engagements for Sunday, December 8
Coimbatore - Engagements
cinema arts events
Salem
Madurai Today - December 7, 2019
Engagements
karnataka
bagalkot
A senior JD(S) leader has said the BJP government will survive.
basavakalyan
Communities have come together against rapists.
belagavi
'Alliance with JD(S) seems difficult to form and run.'
Social security benefits have been sought for domestic workers.
Hip surgery
bengaluru
Dimly lit Namma Metro parking lots remain a safety hazard.
A footbridge will link railway and metro stations at Cantonment.
Concerns over last-mile connectivity persist.
Over 200 more Hoysalas will be inducted for quicker response.
Apartments have been fined for not composting in situ.
The High Court has directed the age determination of the accused five years after prosecution.
An outreach event on the new GST returns system saw good participation.
BMTC has taken the video route to create awareness about the bus lane.
The DKS has warned Yediyurappa of 'serious action' over Kanakapura medical college.
Two people have been held for threatening a businessman.
Two Bangladeshi nationals were caught using valid Indian passports.
A poet corrected the Minister on language and livelihood.
A BMW car caught fire.
Four people were held with heroin worth Rs. 2.2 lakh.
A seminar on business opportunities was held.
Dak Adalat will be held in Chikkamagaluru on December 14.
An award was given to Vishwa Mohan Bhatt.
'Will look into any tax evasion by BTC.'
bidar
'Set career goal early and work towards it.'
chikkamagaluru
Two people received life terms for murder.
No extra funds have been earmarked for damaged roads across the State.
Arrangements have been made for Datta Jayanti.
Yediyurappa's opposition to the Kasturirangan report has been hailed.
dharwad
The RDPR Department will take up a project for supplying Malaprabha water to Dharwad.
hassan
Pharmacists have appealed to the Centre.
kalaburagi
The Nagamohan Das Commission will hold a meeting on Tuesday.
mandya
A student came under the wheel of a school bus.
mangaluru
Goyal has said that black pepper prices fell due to more production and imports.
'Residents of Dakshina Kannada will be hit hard by the bank merger.'
'Native cattle breeds should be preserved.'
'Feedback Diwas' was organised.
'Encounters are being celebrated as justice.'
Briefly
mysuru
Security was tightened in Hunsur for counting of votes.
Retired employees are seeking revision of pensions.
Candidates are seeking divine help.
'Judicial leniency towards the executive is a matter of concern.'
sathish g.t.
Flood victims have received housing sites, but their wait for farmland continues.
shivamogga
The role of the armed forces has been hailed.
Five men have been arrested in a temple theft case.
A college student has died in an accident.
udupi
A leopard was trapped in a village in Udupi.
NSS volunteers will help combat tobacco menace.
A Kabbadi event will be held from December 11.
vijayapura
Four people have been held in a honeytrap case.
Ganihar has said the NRC will affect every citizen.
The KPRS will hold a convention in Kalaburagi on December 12.
A plan has been proposed to weed out 'fake' reporters.
Shobha has said there was a party with disqualified MLAs.
Hands full
Dulcet start
In one voice
Kannadigas will get priority in private sector jobs.
Daredevil
Engagements
kerala
alappuzha
A hi-tech classroom project is nearing completion.
Vellappally has said the Sabarimala row is a closed chapter.
Local bodies will buy coir geotextiles worth Rs. 102 crore.
A man has been booked for raping a 70-year-old woman.
idukki
The Smart Village plan is mired in graft charges.
Gap Road widening work has resumed.
Pattaya Mela will be held before January 15.
kalpetta
'Wayanad people's task force is a model for the nation.'
kalpetta(wayanad)
Rahul Gandhi has said India is the rape capital of the world.
kannur
'Point of call' status still eludes KIAL.
The Admiral's Cup Regatta begins today.
Gold and saffron were seized.
A child died after falling into a pit.
UAPA has been invoked against a Maoist group in Kannur.
kochi
Kalamassery Municipality has been told to set up an STP by February.
The SNC conducted a plogging campaign.
The lynchpin in an online racket was nabbed from Jharkhand.
It has been said Kerala can include chess in the curriculum.
A football league exclusively for children has been launched.
The metro alignment will remain intact in the Pettah-SN Junction corridor.
New facilities have been inaugurated at Cochin Port.
Officials have been told to expedite road work.
The RPF has seized foreign currency worth Rs. 35 lakh.
Security to Kemal Pasha has been withdrawn.
kollam
IIIC offers skill development courses.
A quiz on Gandhiji was organized for students.
kottayam
MGU has initiated steps to take back certificates.
A man was arrested for sexual abuse of a girl.
KC(M) factions will hold meetings on December 14.
A plea has been made for cheap loans.
kozhikode
LIFE Mission will host meetings of beneficiaries in north Kerala.
The MVD has undertaken a drive to promote the use of helmets.
The spotlight is being turned on gender equality.
Five coconut oil brands have been banned.
Jaleel has defended himself by quoting Churchill.
brief with pic
brief
thiruvananthapuram
Water supply will be hit next week.
No Fathers in Kashmir: a crisis of compassion.
Illicit Christmas wine has flooded the market.
A second draft of history is being helmed.
Fisticuffs over a balloon.
SCTIMST will implement the Karunya health scheme.
The technical university will review its audit.
Anandi Gopal has been described as a turning point in his acting career.
A man has been held for a molestation bid.
There is a row over postings at KU.
The Chief Minister has said the government will wait till the Supreme Court verdict on Sabarimala.
The film market will open today.
A patient fell to death at MCH.
Japanese firms are keen to invest in the State, said the Chief Minister.
Operation Piranha is ongoing in local body offices.
What to look forward to on the third day.
The child welfare council has stated that the panel's findings are correct.
Someone has pedaled across the State to attend a film festival.
A panel has stated that no action should be taken against teachers.
The government will seek damages from Adani, said the Chief Minister.
Notification on creches.
Thirty-six lakh in six days - Briefly.
Briefly/Protest.
Briefly/Vizhinjam.
Weather update.
thrissur
There is stress on accountability of new media platforms.
The 10th anniversary fete of KUHS has begun.
A veteran is being remembered.
Grace on display.
A musical tribute was paid.
Rough and tough.
Serious cinema.
Grassy top.
Festival diary.
Engagements on December 8/Sunday.
andhra pradesh
anantapur
DLSA has urged AgriGold depositors to make claims.
bengaluru
'Onion prices will stabilise only by March 2020.'
chatanpalli
The NHRC team has visited the Chatanpalli site and may quiz injured policemen.
chittoor
Private hospitals have shut OP services in protest against attacks.
Two people have been arrested by Chittoor police in an online fraud case.
3,000 litres of jaggery wash have been seized in raids.
Many had a narrow escape as an old building caved in.
guntur
Issues came to the fore during the Collector's surprise visit to Social Welfare hostels.
A book written by the ex-DGP has been released.
hyderabad
The Congress team met the Governor.
i. polavaram (e.g.)
The suspect in a sexual assault and murder case was addicted to porn, said police.
kadapa
Two Cameroon nationals among five people have been held for fraud.
kollam
Seven people have been held under the POCSO Act in Kerala.
kurnool
A former MLC has quit the TDP.
The Nandyal MVI is in the ACB net.
The HRF team has visited Hosur.
machilipatnam
The leather industry is in doldrums in the State.
All police stations will have Mahila Mitra panels, said the SP.
malappuram
A Kerala woman, locked up in a mental health asylum, was rescued.
mangaluru
A second giant earthworm was found in a Karnataka village.
ongole
Tobacco workers are seeking insurance.
pithapuram (east godavari dt.)
A woman was burnt alive in a fire mishap.
thiruvananthapuram
'Youth booked under UAPA are Maoists.'
tirumala
The Annadanam trust will become self-sufficient soon, said the TTD Executive Officer.
tirupati
Students rent the air with hymns on Gita Jayanti.
vijayawada
Rabi sowing is tardy in the State.
A former TDP MLA has joined YSRCP.
The government has given a key post to P.V. Sindhu.
The Minister has said women should learn karate to protect themselves.
The National Lok Adalat will be held on December 14.
It has been demanded that the CEO of IT Grids be arrested in a data theft case.
Folk dances, skits, and more were held at Balotsavam.
An Armed Forces Flag Day rally was held in the city.
A passport mela will be held for firms with 300 or more applicants.
visakhapatnam
The Chief Minister will launch a slew of works on December 13, said the GVMC Commissioner.
A process has been developed to extract potash from spent wash.
Justice has been sought for the Unnao rape victim.
Special trains will run between Coimbatore and Asansol.
The government will take a call on delimitation of wards.
'Amma Vodi' beneficiaries have been asked to verify details.
A man has been arrested on a charge of blackmailing his wife.
Two photo exhibitions and music concerts will be held today.
A student drowned in the Yeleru canal.
The CPI-M has asked the State government to reconsider the proposal to hike RTC fares.
People demand action in the Yellapatar rape case.
Festive mood.
Rallying behind forces.
Children's festival.
A seminar on the structural concrete code revision was held at GVPCE.
telangana
chattanpalli (rangareddy dt.)
Floral tributes continue to be offered at the Disha 'shrine'.
hyderabad
Re-employment of ex-servicemen is low.
The city's heritage sites have come alive on TikTok videos.
The Chief Minister has written to the Centre for the release of pending funds to the State.
Bullets that killed the accused were fired from long weapons.
Closed Urdu medium schools will be reopened.
Activists and citizens brainstormed on curbing atrocities against women.
Infection-causing viruses thrive in cold temperatures.
The BJP has asked to take up Musi cleansing on the lines of the Ganga.
Revanth has batted for quota for the third gender in legislatures.
More works will be done for best performing villages.
A State Cabinet meeting will be held on December 11.
Jagga Reddy has said that all rape and murder issues should be treated with the same intensity.
A teenager was crushed to death under bus wheels.
An award was presented to the JNTUH Registrar.
The Depot Welfare Board will redress grievances.
A Union Minister visited BDL.
indervelli (adilabad district)
Adivasis embarked on a life mission to Delhi.
jainoor (kumram bheem asifabad district)
Anger erupted in the Agency over the Yellapatar gang rape and murder.
kamareddy
The storage capacity of warehouses has increased, said the Minister.
khammam
A line inspector has been booked on graft charges.
nizamabad
Efforts are ongoing to empower the elderly and the differently abled.
For a rich shrimp harvest.
peddapalli
The Ramagundam CP has accepted the green challenge.
The Governor plans to visit Peddapalli.
sangareddy
There is no end to tenant cotton ryots' woes.
An elderly couple's ordeal has been brought to an end.
warangal rural dt.
A cash award was given for 100% results in the SSC.
warangal urban dt.
Do more leg work for the KUDA master plan, said the Collector.
The entrepreneurship mantra aims to enhance employability.
The initiative is for a noble cause.
The NHRC team is likely to quiz injured policemen.
Glam and glitter.
Two people were killed as an APSRTC bus rammed bikers.
new delhi
gurugram
Security guards thrashed a street dog and dug a pit to bury it.
Projects for women's safety will be launched.
new delhi
The capital erupted again as another rape victim succumbed.
Protests will be intensified for absorption of ad hoc employees.
The court acquitted the doctor in the 2012 rape case.
Rajnath has said that the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan has become a people's movement.
The North civic body inaugurated a library.
The Nirbhaya convict has sought withdrawal of the mercy plea.
Kejriwal has hoped the U.P. government hangs the culprits.
Two men have been held for killing a woman in Paschim Vihar.
The Rohini murders' accused bought a knife five days ago.
A partner injured a woman by throwing chemicals at her.
Brothers have been held for robbery; Rs. 27 lakh cash was recovered.
The Waqf Board has given Rs. 2 lakh aid to the kin of the Okhla rape victim.
Three persons have been arrested for robbing a cashier at gunpoint.
A woman tried to immolate her daughter.
A Christmas get-together was held for senior citizens.
noida
Jewar has received its first government women's college.
Squirrel of judgement
DEL07- Engagements
mumbai
mumbai
The Railways will finalise its plan for ITS soon.
India's first human milk bank has turned 30.
The elevated Metro will lead to congestion.
The High Court has granted relief to a clerk facing an MBMC show cause notice.
The ATS has seized mephedrone worth Rs. 5 crore, and two people have been arrested.
navi mumbai
A Khopoli man has been sentenced to life term for killing his wife.
thane
Drugs worth Rs. 62.81 lakh were seized in Thane, and five people were held.
Too dear to be left unguarded.
other states
aligarh
Two AMU students have been booked for sharing a post.
batala (punjab)
SAD has staged a protest.
bhopal
It has been stated that one suspect in the M.P. rifles theft case is an Army officer.
bhubaneswar
Odisha has reduced farmers' scheme assistance.
burhanpur
COPD treatment is eluding power loom workers.
chandigarh
Amarinder has ordered a probe into the politician-gangster nexus in the State.
darbhanga (bihar)
An autorickshaw driver has been held for raping a 5-year-old.
kanpur (u.p.)
A Kanpur girl who alleged gang rape was found dead.
kolkata
Dutch and Danish heritage in Hooghly are getting an ASI push.
No response has come from Mamata on requests for dialogue, said the West Bengal Governor.
mumbai
There is no let-up in the BJP leadership crisis.
The court has refused to cancel the ED warrant against Mehul Choksi.
press trust of india jalna
A minor girl was held captive and sexually abused in Hingoli.
press trust of india mumbai
Thackeray has called for quick resolution of the boundary dispute with Karnataka.
pune
A man has been booked for getting his minor daughter married.
rishikesh
Uttarakhand priests will go on fast unto death against the proposed Chardham shrine board.
Taking stock
international
Iran and the U.S. have swapped prisoners amid tensions.
A drone targeted Iraqi cleric Sadr's home.
Saudis have distanced themselves from the U.S. naval base shooter.
India has hired lobbying firm Cornerstone to reach out to Democrats.
George Holding, co-chair of the India caucus, will retire.
Johnson and Corbyn faced off in the final television debate.
Pakistani-American journalist Amna Nawaz has been selected to moderate the US presidential debate.
The U.S. has resumed talks with the Taliban in Doha.
Hafiz Saeed got a brief breather in the terror financing trial; the next hearing is on December 11.
business
The personal income tax rate may be cut.
Technology is the biggest focus area for stock brokers, according to a survey.
A good start was made, but challenges begin now.
The slowdown has impacted L&T's order book.
VA Tech Wabag will foray into South Africa.
Airtel and Vodafone have removed caps on free calls.
CIL has eased payments for NRS customers.
Bharti has removed the cap on free calls to other networks.
sport
Rain has invoked deja vu.
HFC is in an upbeat mood.
Kohli and Team India will be looking for an encore.
It is time for someone young to lead Tamil Nadu, said Karthik.
Late birdies have kept Woodland ahead.
Jyoti and Shashi have cruised into the final.
Maini still hopes to make the Formula 1 grade.
India has crossed the 200-mark.
'My best year ever', said Hamilton.
Unruly incidents marred the BDFA tie.
Olympic hopeful Gopi is confident of qualifying.
ATK ended NEUFC's unbeaten run.
United prevailed in the Manchester derby.
It is difficult to get a student like Kohli, said Basu.
The AICF confrontation has come to a boil.
Play was abandoned due to the dangerous MCG pitch.
The Major General should make amends.
Star Appearance claims the South India 1000 Guineas.
Ace Ace Ace is fancied for the main event.
Rupesh and Advani did it for ONGC.
Banthia lost to the top seed.
Vimal Khumar scored an unbeaten ton.
It was easy for the Knights.
Praggnanandhaa is the king.
An exciting win was achieved for the University of Mysore.
It was easy for Bhaitha.
Lalita Dahiya got a double victory.
Mera's late equaliser saved East Bengal.
miscellaneous
Sudoku - December 8, 2019
down town
adyar
A new TUCS shop has opened at Velachery.
Leading from the field
Puzhuthivakkam residents are waiting for roads free of potholes.
The e-waste collection drive will end on December 10.
The opening at the Velachery flyover work site should be closed.
Photography contest
The junction box near the school is not fenced.
Welcoming the future, honouring the past.
The 'mosquito eater' is in the house.
Thalambur road is in a sorry state.
The VGP Rajesh Nagar First Main Road got waterlogged after a drizzle.
The name board at Sarathy Nagar should be restored.
The temple pond is in neglect.
Students are learning about foreign lands.
Cricket training is being held for women.
A workshop on Zentangle art.
A handicraft exhibition.
What does the role entail?
A workshop on vermicomposting.
anna nagar
The Corporation plans to go 'nano' with composting.
For Allepey to Chennai.
Leading from the field.
The 'mosquito eater' is in the house.
A dangerous spot on PH Road.
FOB work is gaining speed at Ambattur station.
Going hyperlocal with rainfall data.
A handicraft exhibition.
Welcoming the future, honouring the past.
What does the role entail?
The focus has stayed on Anna Nagar.
Old students meet.
A carol concert is at church today.
A stinking issue.
The Corporation plans to go 'nano' with composting.
FROM PAGE 1 :
mylapore
The Corporation plans to go 'nano' with composting.
The 'mosquito eater' is in the house.
For Allepey to Chennai.
Leading from the field.
R.A. Puram's slow but steady drive to go zero-waste.
Diversion of buses for recharge well work has left commuters in the lurch.
An incomplete stormwater drain near Mylapore MRTS poses a safety threat.
Going hyperlocal with rainfall data.
Diversion of buses has left commuters in the lurch.
Welcoming the future, honouring the past.
The traffic signal on G.N. Chetty Road is on the blink.
A one-day workshop on composting will be held at TNAU.
A heritage walk will be held at Madras High Court on December 22.
Curtains have come down on the 3-day Bharatanatyam festival.
A three-day photo exhibition will be held from December 15.
What does the role entail?
Bookworms are to meet today.
The focus stays on Anna Nagar.
Readers, you can write for us.
The Corporation plans to go 'nano' with composting.
The 'mosquito eater' is in the house.
The lens view: an ordeal on Whites Road.
Pushed off their
t.nagar
The Corporation plans to go 'nano' with composting.
For Allepey to Chennai.
Leading from the field.
The 'mosquito eater' is in the house.
Bookworms are to meet today.
Residents find the garbage bin near the transformer unsafe.
The signal at G.N. Chetty Road is on the blink.
The service road in Poonamallee is riddled with potholes.
Going hyperlocal with rainfall data.
Auto-rickshaws hinder traffic flow at Vadapalani junction.
Welcoming the future, honouring the past.
A heritage walk will be held at Madras High Court on December 22.
A new escalator has been installed at Egmore railway station.
What does the role entail?
Children are learning about seasons.
The focus stays on Anna Nagar.
A three-day photo exhibition will be held.
The Corporation plans to go 'nano' with composting.
The 'mosquito eater' is in the house.
tambaram
The Corporation plans to go 'nano' with composting.
For Allepey to Chennai.
Leading from the field.
The 'mosquito eater' is in the house.
Can AGS Colony in Chromepet escape flooding?
Puzhuthivakkam has been waiting for roads free of potholes.
Collection centres are near you.
Going hyperlocal with rainfall data.
Timely clean-up helps revive the public well in Muthulakshmi Nagar.
The e-waste collection drive ends on December 10.
There are no lights on the flyover opposite Chennai airport.
Pozhichalur residents are left in the dark without street lights.
Welcoming the future, honouring the past.
A heritage walk will be held at Madras High Court on December 22.
What does the role entail?
The focus stays on Anna Nagar.
A workshop on composting will be held at TNAU.
Readers, you can write for us.
The Corporation plans to go 'nano' with composting.
The 'mosquito eater' is in the house.
sunday magazine
Making music.
Underground connection.
'A soap opera on the molecular level.'
Inglorious buildings.
Why did the Brahmins become vegetarian?
Jackfruit, veenas and mridangams.
A door to classical music.
Laugh, cry or just chill, emojis have you covered.
Whose city is it anyway?
You are mistaken, Mr. Bajaj.
The land of many anxieties.
Why the pygmy hog of Assam wants protection.
Easy like Sunday morning.
Listening with dinosaurs.
Saying the unsaid, touching the untouched.
Here comes Hannibal.
Booze, sex and Goa
The age of apprehension
God save us from patriots
Larry's careful play
Whine and cheese
Bad tech is stupid tech
Colonial law, native masters
When time is not of the essence
Duckbill with Penguin
Novel to screen
A Life in the World: U.R. Ananthamurthy in conversation with Chandan Gowda
Human Compatible: AI and the Problem of Control
Running with the Dragon: How India should do Business with China
Forced labour
Indian masters
Borneo burns
A.I. documentary
Blurring borders
So All is Peace
The Lacquered Curtain of Burma
The Swap
The Yogini
Pravda Ha Ha: True Travels to the End of Europe
Forced labour
sci-tech & agri
A typhoid vaccine manufactured in India offers 82% protection.
A novel molecule is going to combat multidrug-resistant bacteria.
2.3 million children in India are unvaccinated for measles.
Coffee is a health drink, but it should not be overdone.
Bats may be well adapted to forest fires.
others
Nuh schools are in need of lessons.
What are the laws on rape and sexual crimes?
A review of creamy layer reservations is being sought.
One more gang member has been held for Nerul goon's murder.
Spotting the signs of a silent nemesis.
Sisodia has said that ground realities and pressure faced by teachers should be accepted.
Karvy stock scandal
'Decision on colonies taken to give justice to people.'
Police traced a stolen cell phone within four hours.
Health is wealth.
A woman was run over by a drunk driver; three people have been held.
150-year legacy
A couple was attacked at their house and as result one person is dead.
43 people are dead and 16 injured in a major Delhi fire.
The Citizenship Bill will be tabled today.
Results of crucial bypolls are out today.
Two people have been held on a charge of raping a minor.
All is set for the winter session of the Assembly.
The SIT will probe 'encounter' deaths in the Disha case.
There have been no PhD students in ISEC for two years.
There was a row after Tharoor tweeted on the U.S. resolution on Kashmir.
As winter sets in, authorities are bracing themselves for forest fires.
A man killed children and ended his life on discovering his wife's elopement.
The Mayor of Aurangabad said there will be no tree cutting for Thackeray memorial.
A woman, fed up with abuse, killed her brother in Chembur.
No relief is in sight.
New arrivals.
Raw material adds to blaze.
'Bhaiya, I am going to die.'
No relief is in sight.
Lata has returned home from the hospital.
More tears are being brought in.
The Unnao victim was laid to rest amid high drama.
The Left has called for an Assam bandh against CAB.
'The BJP will do justice to disqualified MLAs.'
India has solutions to the global water crisis.'
It has been said that prisoners should be given only permissible items.
The Rajasthan Minister has demanded a ban on Panipat.
'More funds for vented dams, endosulfan victims'
Doctors' vacancies have been discussed, said Ashok.
'Appoint Minister to oversee State's action'
8brief2
8brief1
The wait for passport appointments has reduced.
There have been no PhD students in ISEC for two years.
Kannada activists have also demanded a Minister.
QR code scams are on the rise in the city.
Venkaiah has called for a change in mindset.
Now, Congress has come up with Super 1000.
The Prime Minister has asked police to connect with the public.
nearby
national
'The fire has come inside the building. I can't breathe.'
There is love, betrayal, and caste oppression in an Unnao village.
Six years on, Lokpal is yet to get a prosecution wing.
A locked terrace and narrow staircase have turned a building into a 'death trap.'
Pramila has tabled a resolution in the U.S. House on Kashmir.
The Congress has firmed up its House strategy.
No arrests have been made in the Muzaffarnagar acid attack case.
The building was surveyed last week.
The Prime Minister has asked police to connect with the public.
States may put the Centre on the mat on GST.
'In five years, 27 students across 10 IITs took their own lives.'
A panel has pulled up 19 States for tyre disposal.
Heart-rending scenes at the morgue.
The CVC has summoned EPFO top brass after the fire.
A motion to suspend two Congress MPs will be moved today.
'The Bill will mark the victory of Jinnah's thinking.'
'We're duty-bound to help victims of Partition.'
Officials have dismissed concerns over the U.S. resolution.
The Unnao police said, 'Come after you get raped.'
'Education is the best tool for social empowerment.'
The Citizenship Bill will be tabled in the Lok Sabha today.
Forty-three people died and sixteen were injured in a major Delhi fire.
Mukul Roy has been named in the 2010 triple murder case.
'Education is the best tool for social empowerment.'
The Bihar Chief Minister has announced Rs. 2 lakh ex-gratia.
There is anger on the streets.
A reward has been announced for information on child marriages.
AIADMK will support the Bill in the Rajya Sabha.
Terror poses a challenge in South Asia, said the Prime Minister.
The Minister wants faster trials of rape cases.
Venkaiah has called for a change in mindset.
Ten people have been held for impersonation in the CTET.
'Lapses were allowed to continue with impunity.'
A fireman saved 11 people trapped in a building.
Bihar has announced Rs. 2 lakh ex-gratia.
The government has announced compensation for victims and free treatment for the injured.
'Lapses were allowed to continue with impunity.'
During the Anaj Mandi fire, a fireman saved 11 people trapped in a building.
The DCW chief has urged the Home Minister to withdraw cops from VIP security.
The Prime Minister met ex-Union minister Arun Shourie at a Pune hospital.
tamil nadu
chennai
North Chennai is plagued by squalor and official apathy.
The DMK meet backs Stalin on challenging the poll notification.
Twenty-five thousand potholes have been identified on city roads.
AICTE will not allow new colleges next year, said Sahasrabudhe.
Metro stations have donned a new look.
Delightful dishes await rasikas this music season at sabha canteens.
Small steps are being taken towards waste segregation.
'We want the Supreme Court order on polls to be implemented in full.'
The High Court came to the rescue of a widow who was denied an insurance claim.
A data analytics lab has been set up at the Cancer Institute.
As T. Nagar nears its 100th anniversary, a look at its history is being taken.
Lack of repairs on T.H. Road is irking residents.
Metro Rail commuters have asked to fix ticketing issues.
Tamil Nadu should consider filing a case against the Centre to secure its share of GST.'
Children pooled money to install CCTV cameras.
A partial solar eclipse will occur on December 26.
A builder was told to pay Rs. 2 lakh in compensation.
MNM will stay away from civic polls.
The founder of SRP Tools has died.
Vaiko is against the Centre's CET proposal.
VCK questions the urgency in holding polls.
A woman has been detained.
Vacancies abound in education bodies.
A man was murdered over a drunken brawl.
coimbatore
Projects to promote sustainable transport have turned into non-starters.
Kanjamalai weavers have realised the silver lining.
Kallar Kadar tribal families yearn to return to their dwellings.
The flyover on 100 Feet Road, once opened, may lead to traffic snarls.
This octogenarian likes to regulate traffic on busy roads.
Stalin must explain where delimitation is improper, said the Chief Minister.
Competitions were held.
A workshop on organic household cleaners was held.
AAI and BU will preserve rare tree varieties.
A man was held for eve-teasing.
Briefly
Crime Notes
cuddalore
This couple received a bouquet of onions for a wedding gift.
dharmapuri
'Telangana encounter was necessary.'
A woman fell from a train and died.
dharmapuri/ krishnagiri
Applications have been invited for electrical technician posts in Oman.
dindigul
Coffee planters have complained of poor yield and price slump.
'Grant Sri Lankan Tamil refugees citizenship.'
erode
Incomplete road work is troubling motorists.
kanniyakumari
A family of three was killed as a car plunged into a canal.
Three were killed.
karaikudi
The UGC has sanctioned Rs. 1 crore to Alagappa University, said the VC.
karur
Construction of a 1.7-km storm water drain has begun in Karur.
krishnagiri
A two-year-old boy drowned.
madurai
Madurai needs a science centre.
Care-giving is tedious and requires efforts of many.'
'India fares better in crimes against women.'
The purpose of having compost bins in markets has not been served.
DK said DMK divided people as Dravidians and Aryans.
Nails have been removed from tree trunks.
A proposal for an IVF treatment facility was discussed.
It's Christmas time.
There was a plea for court proceedings in Tamil.
Water level
puducherry
AIPSO demands recall of Kiran Bedi.
Rains have exposed civic infrastructure in the UT.
The Chief Justice has said that justice is not instantaneous; whatever is legal is only just.
A man was murdered in a hamlet.
The GST Stakeholder Feedback Diwas was observed.
ramanathapuram
Lootelcafe in Rameswaram has come as a boon to tourists.
The CMFRI has released shrimp seeds.
A Tamil Nadu cop is willing to do hangman's job.
Shrimp seeds have been released.
salem
The RPF will intensify checks against illegal ticket bookings.
A history-sheeter was arrested and valuables worth Rs. 5 lakh were recovered.
CCTV camera installation works are ongoing at various stations under Salem Division.
IUDM works were reviewed.
Farmers are demanding more space to conduct business.
Twelve PUs in Salem will go to polls on December 27.
A man was arrested.
Farmers are demanding proper pattas.
tenkasi
Elephants have damaged coconut farms.
A constable attacked a woman.
thoothukudi
Stagnant rainwater in fields has played spoilsport.
tiruchi
Arrangements are in place for filing of nominations for local body polls in central districts.
A citizen's group has rallied to save Uyyakondan.
Plogging has made a difference on BDU premises.
The Vaigai Express was detained.
tiruchi/karaikudi
People have been forced to wage dharma yudh against the Centre, said Chidambaram.
tirunelveli
Eighty-three cattle heads were impounded.
Briefly- Tirunelveli
Water level- Tirunelveli
udhagamandalam
Five hundred and two recruits were attested into Madras Regimental Centre.
vellore
Over seven tonnes of plastic items have been seized.
A rail fracture delayed trains to Chennai.
More than one tonne of ration rice has been seized.
virudhunagar
A 4-year-old girl died of suspected dengue.
The art of baking is being explored.
Residents of Anjalkaran Thoppu are unhappy with civic inaction.
A Gudalur couple is seeking government help to bring back their son's remains.
'I too want a miracle to happen in 2021.'
Child porn: Three gangs are under police scanner.
Seven people have been arrested for the murder of a real estate dealer.
Needs immediate action.
Heralding winter.
Casting their net wide.
Patient wait.
Starry nights are here.
The Hindu and Margazhi.
Casting their net wide.
Pushing own luck.
Readers' mail- Dindigul.
Readers' Mail.
Reader's Mail.
Readers' mail - Tirunelveli.
engagements.
Engagements. Coimbatore.
Chennai engagements for Monday, December 9.
Madurai Today - December 9, 2019.
cinema arts events.
karnataka.
belagavi.
Maharashtra's action has triggered demand by Kannada activists.
State and Central finances are in bad shape, said the ex-Chief Minister.
Savadi has said, "We will bring back Raju Kage to BJP."
Nagnur mutt awards have been announced.
Five people have been killed in road accidents.
bengaluru.
A new policy envisages a transport network of 803 km by 2031.
Bypoll results hold the key to BJP government's stability.
The BBMP is seeking a survey of encroachments around Hulimavu Lake.
The wait for passport appointment has reduced after nearly a year.
QR code scams are on the rise in the city.
Uneven pavements and debris have proven to be a minefield for pedestrians.
The stage is set for counting.
Other cases of fraud.
The wife and her friend are suspects in a cab driver's death.
SSLC admit cards will be withheld if evaluators are not registered.
There was a protest against the Citizenship Amendment Bill.
Major junctions are being improved.
Cable subscription rates have dropped.
Bengaluru girls have won honours at an athletics meet.
D.N. Desai is mourned.
There is a need for 2,000 buses in two years.
On elevated corridors.
There was a raid on a rave party.
chikkamagaluru.
The DC has called for a push to help industrial units grow.
hassan.
An NGO has set up a village committee.
Child marriage was prevented in Hassan.
hebri (udupi district).
Old-age pension is to reach beneficiaries' doorstep.
hubballi.
Shettar has said Siddaramaiah may lose his post after results.
Kateel has said the BJP will do justice to disqualified MLAs.
kalaburagi.
Rajendra Singh has said India has solutions to the global water crisis.
A seminar on career options was held today.
mandya
The stage is set for counting of votes in K.R. Pet.
People have been urged to fight against the use of plastic.
mangaluru
Yediyurappa has said that more funds are needed for vented dams and endosulfan victims.
A campaign against single-use plastic is underway.
A motorist was killed.
A seer has suggested that Ayyappa devotees refrain from dropping money in the Sabarimala 'hundi'.
Two people have been held for consuming ganja.
An Ambari AC sleeper bus will run between Hyderabad and Mangaluru from today.
Briefly
muniyal (udupi district)
Ashok has said that the State Cabinet has discussed the issue of filling vacancies of doctors.
mysuru
Preparations are underway to watch the annular solar eclipse on December 26.
The twelfth edition of the Tour of Nilgiris has begun in Mysuru.
Vishwanath will learn his fate today in Hunsur.
A pilot project has been launched to map and document monuments.
new delhi
Karnataka is among the States that have been successful in collecting waste from the doorstep.
shivamogga
Social activists were arrested in Sagar to prevent protests against the Chief Minister.
A free health camp was held in Shivamogga.
udupi
Farm ponds are catching up slowly in Udupi district.
vijayapura
Growers are protesting as traders have slashed wholesale onion prices.
Twenty-four more Aadhaar centres are to be opened in Vijayapura district.
yadgir
The Deputy Commissioner has urged students to develop a positive attitude and study hard.
To good health.
Dancing queens.
Game time.
There have been no PhD students in ISEC for two years.
Letters.
Mysuru engagements.
Engagements.
kerala
alappuzha
Orders worth Rs. 399 crore have been received at the coir fair.
There will be a green protocol for the Pongala festival.
State agriculture awards are to be presented today.
kannur
Super-specialty facilities are now available at all district hospitals.
kochi
Emulsion explosives will be used for flats demolition.
An AMR campaign will be taken to the community.
The State plans to eliminate tuberculosis by 2025.
AMMA is likely to take up Shane's case.
The BPCL-Kochi Refinery team has won a quiz.
kollam
Kareepra panchayat is all set to reclaim green glory.
Ajayan memorial meet.
kottayam
The KC(M) rift has come to the fore in local bodies.
MG University has been selected for a UGC project.
The Basheer award has been given to T. Padmanabhan.
kozhikode
Low-cost road safety projects have hit the skids.
A man was shot dead at Vilangad.
A camp on the housing subsidy scheme is being held today.
A CME on psychiatry has been conducted.
There is a mass hunger strike against corruption.
A meet on new feminism was organised.
malappuram
Student heroes have fielded questions.
thiruvananthapuram
Flexible norms have been introduced to aid the economically weak.
City shadow police personnel have been redeployed.
IFFK 2019 featured Marathi lending voice to a Malayali mother's fight.
The UDF has called for urgent steps to stave off a financial crisis.
Projects have been launched for POCSO survivors and first-time offenders.
The Chief Minister's claims on tour have been questioned.
Stretching geographical boundaries.
IFFK 2019 featured "White, black, and the multiple layers in between."
At IFFK 2019, Ruchir said technology has democratised filmmaking.
IFFK 2019 featured "Dancing their way to freedom."
Mnemonics are being used to make learning easier.
A film puts a mirror to a heartless social order.
KRSA has said automated traffic signals should work 24x7.
IFFK 2019 featured pedalling across the State to the festival.
IGNOU courses are available at the police training college.
A conference on advanced functional materials was held at NIIST.
Professional training is being conducted for HSC teachers.
NIIST has received a licence for effluent treatment.
thrissur
There was a call for support of the national stir on the wage code.
Medicinal plants are in good demand.
A workshop on creative writing was held.
At one go.
A divine touch.
Season of joy.
Traditional dance.
Fruitful wait.
For the festival of lights.
On a wing and a prayer.
Hogging cinema.
Festive spirit.
Stellar show.
IFFK - Festival diary.
Readers Mail
Engagements
andhra pradesh
adilabad
A Telangana town will host a 'Bird Walk' festival.
anantapur
Children's wards were sealed after the death of a 5-year-old boy in the Anantapur hospital.
Twenty-three benches were set up for Lok Adalat on December 14 in Anantapur district.
The race has heated up for organisational posts in the BJP.
b. madhu gopal
Onion queues have hit business at rythu bazaars in the city.
chittoor
The price of onions has shot up to Rs. 250 a kg in Chittoor.
Jumbos have created panic in Chittoor district.
dharmasthala/shivamogga
Yediyurappa has said the BJP will win at least 13 seats.
g.v.r. subba rao
Intercropping in mango is catching up in the State.
hyderabad
'Disha's killers contradicted one another.'
A Pakistani living in Kurnool for 12 years has been held in Secunderabad.
The CPI has deplored the economic policies of the BJP government.
A family has alleged inaction by the police.
kadapa
Two people were washed away in flash floods.
kozhikode
Sunni groups have opposed the NRC and the Citizenship Amendment Bill.
kurnool
Alert officials averted a child marriage in Gudur.
machilipatnam
A braveheart cop rescued a girl from drowning in the Krishna.
'From this moment, he is not just my son, he is also a martyr.'
Police provide a cricket net facility for players.
mysuru
Six temples in the Mysuru palace complex are getting a facelift.
nellore
The SP has vowed to check organised crime.
Anam's outbursts have raised the hackles of the YSRCP.
ongole
The focus will be on honing the skills of youth, said the Madiga Corporation chief.
pedana (krishna)
A pregnant minor tribal girl is struggling to get facilities offered by the government.
thiruvananthapuram
A delay in NREGS wages has hit BPL families.
A versatile satellite launch vehicle was developed.
It has been stated that Kerala is in for a major dengue epidemic.
tirupati
Trade unions have criticised the government's decision to hike APSRTC bus fares.
Classic cars hogged the limelight at Sri City.
The APSPDCL has bagged an award for power efficiency.
There was a minor fire in the Tirumala 'potu'.
vijayawada
A girl was reunited with her parents after 14 years, thanks to social media.
The opposition is up in arms against the hike in bus fares.
Kanna has demanded a CBI probe into the Viveka murder case.
Pawan Kalyan has said farmers' issues must be addressed or there will be agitation.
A man was held for travelling on a fake railway pass.
'Jagan has taken a U-turn.
Winners were felicitated on the last day of Balotsavam.
Aishwarya and Syyed Adil have won karate titles.
Energy Conservation Week will be observed from December 14.
visakhapatnam
A plastic ban has put function halls in Visakhapatnam on the radar.
A CT angiogram can detect blocks in heart arteries early, says an expert.
The AVC beach volleyball tournament will be held from December 16.
The Pharmexcil project has yet to make headway at Parawada.
'Vizag Going Pink' has evoked a good response.
The employees' union opposes the Electricity Amendment Bill.
PLGA Week was incident-free in the Agency.
'Harassed husbands' are seeking a better deal.
Tributes were paid to martyrs on Submarine Day.
A walk-in cooler chamber was opened at KGH.
Rowdy-sheeters were counselled.
visakhaptanam
The 'Visakhapuri Mary Matha feast' celebrates religious harmony.
It's in bad taste, literally.
From ticket collector to district Collector!
Fresh from farm.
Fitness mantra.
Precious fruit.
With high hopes.
Beautiful ride.
telangana
adilabad
250 Adivasis will miss the Delhi meeting.
anantapur
An Indian rock python has been rescued near Puttaparthi.
bhadradri-kothagudem
A tipper hit a bike; a farm worker was killed.
hyderabad
Political activity is picking up for municipal polls.
The spotlight is on strengthening newborn care.
ESI Medical College will offer new super speciality courses.
A teen poet from Hyderabad has bagged a Rs. 50-lakh scholarship.
Underground sewerage is being provided for six towns.
Steely resolve has scored over odds.
Shabbir Ali has said the Chief Minister cannot escape responsibility for the financial mess.
A plea has been made to start a course in paediatric anaesthesia.
A neonatology convention will be held from December 12 to 15.
The Chief Minister has expressed concern over deaths in the New Delhi fire.
Many people are falling prey to fake customer care numbers.
A Navy band concert was held at IKEA store.
There was a protest against the Citizenship Amendment Bill in the city.
jagtial
The man who fled after setting his wife and children on fire was found hanging.
'Arogyasri is better than Ayushman Bharat.'
karimnagar
Choppadandi police station has been ranked eighth best in the country.
nizamabad
Eatala has said that the staff crunch in hospitals is being addressed.
siddipet
Siddipet organic farmers have got a web 'farm to plate' gateway.
'Private land damaged despite court stay.'
warangal urban dt
The Governor is on a two-day visit to Hanamkonda.
warangal urban dt.
Harish Rao has said that Warangal is the fastest growing city.
A Pakistani man living in Kurnool for 12 years has been held.
There is a crowd funding initiative for a government school.
Joy of giving.
Disha's family has reported 'police inaction' to the NHRC team.
Market bustle.
Season to be merry.
new delhi
gurugram
For direct recruitment, 'consider experience of ex-professors' has been urged.
new delhi
The promised land.
'Ensure prison inmates are only given items permissible under rules.'
The High Court has told the Delhi government to keep providing free sanitary pads.
The government has cleared the way for selling seized liquor.
Delhi-NCR's air quality is likely to remain in the 'very poor' category on Monday.
DEL09- Engagements
mumbai
mumbai
TB survivors have challenged patents for better access to medicines.
Citizens have protested the encounter and 'rape culture.'
An ultra-marathoner runs an extra mile for fundraising.
'BJP will win BMC polls in 2022.'
A teenager was crushed by a BEST bus; driver arrested.
'Accuracy, spontaneity bedrock of quizzing.'
Girls who left home after being scolded have been found.
navi mumbai
Two held, four minors detained for stealing bikes; 12 cases cracked.
Kharghar residents met Panvel commissioner, seeking women's safety.
thane
A brick kiln owner has been booked for bonded labour.
Disruptions in a shared space.
Overcoming the challenge.
Spotting a match made in heaven.
Upcoming student athletes.
Combat cyber threats.
other states
agra (u.p.)
A trader was shot dead on busy Agra road.
ahmedabad
Two held for gang rape of minor.
amreli
In a second incident in two days, a leopard attacked a woman.
bhavnagar
A man says his wife abetted rape of daughter.
bhopal
The Congress protests Chouhan's remark.
bhubaneswar
Miscreants locked up Odisha MLA in room, torched his vehicle.
An ex-Minister has passed away.
chandigarh
'My priority is to bring Congress back to power in Himachal.'
dharamshala
The Himachal Assembly session in Dharamshala begins today.
guwahati
Thirteen wagons of goods train have derailed.
guwahati/ itanagar
Left bodies call for 12-hour Assam bandh on Tuesday against CAB.
harda
One killed in firecracker factory blast in MP's Harda.
jaipur
Rajasthan Tourism Minister has demanded a ban on Panipat.
jammu
Jammu-Srinagar national highway has been closed for repair work.
kolkata
New chargesheet in murder case names BJP leader Mukul Roy.
lucknow
Mayawati holds review meet of BSP.
mumbai
Now, Congress comes up with Super 1000.
Raut accuses BJP of double standards on women's safety.
muzaffarpur (bihar)
A girl's body recovered from sack in Muzaffarpur.
nagpur
Cattle were rescued from a truck in Nagpur after dramatic chase.
A minor girl was found dead in farm in Nagpur district.
new delhi
Rajasthan govt. is seeking more Anganwadi centres.
panaji
Michael Lobo has said that Goa govt. will be reviving the farming culture: .
'Sawant irresponsible in blaming Goans for crisis.'
Keeping strict watch.
Winged visitors.
Freezing cold.
international
Suu Kyi gambles her reputation in the Rohingya case.
The FBI presumes the shooting at the U.S. Navy base was an act of terror.
Iran hopes to use a Russian fund to counter U.S. sanctions.
North Korea has conducted an important test, according to KCNA.
Trump said Kim has much to lose through hostility.
Beirut, Dec 8, 2019 (AFP) -
Saudi restaurants no longer need to segregate women and men.
opinion
Constitutional justice is non-negotiable.
Demonising the legal system won't help.
An Asian engine is driven by India and China.
The elements of engaged journalism.
No more remixes, please.
Trampling on grassroots.
Shooting in Pensacola.
Missing Defence Designs.
business
Ring-fence your money.
The name's Bond, Bharat Bond.
loose change
sport
Pollard's men blew away India and took the series to the decider.
An intense rivalry renews.
Hyderabad focuses on the task on hand.
Suryakumar Yadav is confident his time has come.
Kerala looks for an encore and Delhi wants revenge.
New skipper Suryakumar means business.
Sakshi leads India's domination.
A premier tournament is fighting to stay relevant.
Yet another medal-laden day for India.
Stenson fended off Rahm's challenge.
Mixed emotions for Dube.
Messi has breaken La Liga hat-trick record.
Recent losses to Karnataka are not a concern for Vijay Shankar.
Call Of The Blue for Salarjung Cup.
Manvir breaks Hyderabad hearts.
Warne awaits a big payday.
Manchester City condemns 'racist gesture' during derby.
The IOC is set to call the shots in PSPB tennis.
Roy Krishna is ISL Hero of the Month.
Joshua has retaked heavyweight crowns.
The AICF confrontation has come to a boil.
Andhra-Vidarbha are evenly matched.
Ace Ace Ace delivers in the feature event.
Three cheers for Diya Chitale.
Royalty lives up to its billing.
Coyle faces his first big test as CFC coach.
Sonia bests Sakshi.
India wins 3-Nations tournament.
Plaza stars for Churchill.
Good show by Mumbai Falcons.
Russia's fate will be decided in the WADA meeting today.
Manas emerges champion.
Reward for consistency.
Manvir helps Goa stun Hyderabad.
Nefisa downs Salsa.
Harpreet's injury-time strike breaks ASC hearts.
Delhi Audit in final.
Yash is on a roll.
miscellaneous
Great devotion.
Sudoku - December 9, 2019.
in school
A few atoms of roentgenium.
When tragedy triggered activism.
Unlocking Sun's mysteries.
Why do animals have tails?
A quiz on the week that was.
PUNJAB
UTTAR PRADESH
SIKKIM
ODISHA
ARUNACHAL PRADESH
PUDUCHERRY
TRIPURA
MANIPUR
KERALA
ASSAM
CHANDIGARH
TAMIL NADU
WEST BENGAL
MAHARASHTRA
KARNATAKA
DELHI
GOA
RAJASTHAN
UTTARAKHAND
JHARKHAND
ANDHRA PRADESH
MIZORAM
TELANGANA
MADHYA PRADESH
GUJARAT
LADAKH
BIHAR
HIMACHAL PRADESH
HARYANA
JAMMU AND KASHMIR
CHHATTISGARH
MEGHALAYA
the monday's marauder route: b.r. ambedkar aurora borealis
AURORA BOREALIS
FACE TO FACE
ww.magiicsquarepuzzles.com(9840662780)
PUZZLE 52
UNIVERSITY OF MUMBAI
ASTRONOMY
GLOSSARY
WHERE
<< WHICH
Find out
Jupiter's Great Red Spot isn't dead yet.
A study has found that Asia has at least ten ancestral lineages.
NASA is launching a robot hotel to the space station.
metro plus
bangalore
Back to basics.
For an SOS call.
Marvellous temples and more.
A clarion call for today.
Story to be told.
Mental Health: Acceptance to Reaching out.
Keeping it real and relatable.
The family man.
Body neutrality.
'Haven't spoken to Dylan in 20 years.'
My health predictions.
Flamenco comes to Bengaluru.
Shriya Pilgaonkar has wrapped up shooting for Haathi Mere Saathi.
Into an Egyptian empire.
A handcrafted jewellery expo was held.
Tempest in Kannada.
Feedback.
chennai
Keeping it real.
Back to basics.
A history in copper.
Restyle, exchange and sustain.
The house of prodigies.
Mental Health: Acceptance to Reaching out.
Stay original.
The lines that make up humanity.
Fishing for snaccs.
Body neutrality.
The sound of scotch.
The family man.
My health predictions.
Cine Quip.
coimbatore
Back to basics.
Yours, mine and ours.
Marvellous temples and more.
Keeping it real and relatable.
Mental Health: Acceptance to Reaching out.
Rainbow hues.
Hollywood's Mr Snark.
Clearing the air.
A school for food.
Body neutrality.
My health predictions.
Read MetroPlus Online.
Knives Out director is considering a sequel.
Book recommendations.
Mahima Bakshi.
hyderabad
Back to basics.
Let the music flow.
Marvellous temples and more.
The family man.
Mental Health: Acceptance to Reaching out.
Story to be told.
Body neutrality.
My health predictions.
Weekend of laughter.
Back to basics.
Tick tock... time's up.
Mental Health: Acceptance to Reaching out.
Functional art.
Dispatches from the Northeast.
An Emperor's gift of stone.
Body neutrality.
My health predictions.
others
Getting to know the Cartiers.
Narrow staircases and locked terraces have restricted firemen.
Party leaders are engaging in a blame game over the fire incident in the city.
Anaj Mandi has turned into a hub of illegal manufacturing units.
There has been a never-ending search as distraught relatives visit hospitals in vain.
A 60-year-old man lost both his sons in the fire.
A 10-year-old was the youngest admitted.
Hollywood's Mr Snark.
Beauty of a Woman.
India & the Netherlands in the Age of Rembrandt.
Wandering Violin Mantis.
A Photo Series on the Bhopal Gas Tragedy depicts the aftermath of the tragedy.
The Cabinet has given the nod for extension of the Ashram flyover up to the DND flyway.
A woman spent hours with her husband's body.
The car of an Arjuna awardee archer was stolen in Rohini and the accused is on the run.
Bhimrao Ambedkar: revered reformer, forgotten economist.
