Shah said that the BJP wants to make the Ram mandir but the Congress is creating hurdles.
Scientists are close to observing the first ever photo of a black hole.
A drunk man killed his daughter who was diagnosed with a heart problem.
CM Yogi said that one and a half lakh toilets have been set up in Prayagraj for the Kumbh Mela.
Police in Canada can now demand breath samples in bars and at home.
Virat Kohli said, "Once I retire, I won't pick up the bat again."
A Google investor said that the Android co-founder paid money to own women.
Chidambaram said, "It's due to Congress," as the government doubled the GST exemption limit.
An IAS topper from J&K said that he is deeply inspired by the Pakistan PM and Kejriwal.
The West Bengal Chief Minister mocked PM Modi for using a teleprompter for English speeches.
Sivan said that he will bring Indian students to ISRO; they don't need to go to NASA.
A boy jumped in front of a metro after fighting with his family over phone use.
passengers and crew members fell sick on a Royal Caribbean ship.
Infosys' third-quarter profit dropped nearly 30% to ₹3,609 crore.
Mahindra suggested a gift for the tea-selling couple who toured 23 nations.
Wipro's aerospace business has started supplying parts to Boeing.
Vikrant said, "I connect with women directors on a personal level."
Virat and Deepika have been listed as the most valuable Indian celebrities.
The 'first' openly gay Latin rapper was shot dead in Puerto Rico.
Producer Sandip said that the Modi biopic is not a political film.
'The Accidental...' was halted in a Kolkata theatre amid protests.
Kohli and Shastri have received honorary membership of the SCG.
The head of Japan's Olympic Committee is under investigation.
New Zealand beat Sri Lanka by 35 runs in the sole T20I.
An investor has sued the Google founders for a sexual harassment cover-up.
A party leader said that Congress is ready to fight elections alone in UP.
Akhilesh Yadav said that from time to time a CBI probe should happen.
Rahul Gandhi said that Andhra will get special status if Congress wins.
The Punjab Chief Minister said that Badal is playing with the religious sentiments of people.
Elon Musk shared the first picture of the SpaceX Starship test rocket.
"The country is a prison," said the UN about North Korea's human rights abuses.
Canada and Australia are in talks with the UN to grant asylum to a Saudi girl.
The ex-CBI chief has quit the IPS and refused to take the role of DG Fire Services.
Pandya and Rahul have been suspended pending inquiry over comments on women.
‘Shareef tha voh bechara,’ said Anupam Kher's mother about Manmohan Singh.
Interim CBI chief Rao cancelled all the transfer orders made by Alok Verma.
‘Is deewar ka saaf mann aur hriday bhi hai,’ said Sehwag as he wished Dravid.
An MP school principal called CM Kamal Nath 'daku' and was suspended.
The ISRO chief said that women astronauts are also wanted in the December 2021 space mission.
The UK High Commission has received consular access to Christian Michel.
A Chinese farmer built an Airbus A320 replica to fulfil his childhood dream.
The US has begun withdrawal from Syria after ISIS was defeated.
Gautam Singhania of Raymond said, "My dad has hundreds of crores with him."
Singapore Airlines fired a pilot for failing a pre-flight alcohol test.
Rhea Kapoor will marry her rumoured boyfriend Karan Boolani, according to a report.
Ranveer said, "Being the best entertainer is my single point agenda."
Sushant will star in Bhandarkar's 'Inspector Ghalib', according to reports.
Deepika's battle with depression has been included in a book for kids.
Kangana said, "Words like jingoism are used for shaming these days."
Piyush took a jibe at a Congress leader and called him a 'man of consistency'.
The BCCI has announced the schedule for the T20I and ODI series with Australia at home.
Sibal said, "A caged parrot will remain caged," about the CBI chief's removal.
A BJP leader said that Rahul is crying more than Alok Verma in the CBI matter.
Gunneswaran is the third Indian in five years to play in a Grand Slam.
Kuldeep Singh Rathore has been named chief of the Himachal Congress.
Stalin said, "PM Modi isn't Vajpayee and DMK will never ally with BJP."
A man was held for duping 2,000 people using PM Modi's pictures.
A report said that the boat carrying Maharashtra officials capsized due to the driver's error.
A Russian artist was jailed for setting fire to the Bank of France.
The Delhi High Court refused to cancel the bribery case against CBI No. 2 Asthana.
Gurmeet Ram Rahim has been convicted for the murder of a journalist in 2002.
A scoring error led to a Pakistani batsman getting run out on 499.
The BCCI legal cell said that Pandya and Rahul can be suspended till further action.
Kohli said that Rahul and Pandya have understood the magnitude of what has happened.
A cricketer said, "Her eyes were open and she knew it was me," but he denies the rape charge.
Rahul said that the 1984 riot culprits must be punished regardless of identity.
The Supreme Court said, "Keep trying and miracles do happen," on the Meghalaya mine rescue effort.
The mutilated body of a 15-year-old West Bengal girl was found hanging from a tree.
Chhattisgarh has become the third state to bar the CBI from probing cases.
Police said that a man killed his nephew, buried him in the balcony, and planted saplings.
A Myanmar court has rejected the appeal by Reuters and journalists jailed for seven years.
Trump said, "We're with you," to the kin of a murdered Indian-origin policeman.
A Greek university received an envelope containing an 'irritant' from India.
A rare 1 cent coin found by a US teen in 1947 was auctioned for ₹1.4 crore.
Alia and Ranbir will get engaged after Brahmastra's release, according to a report.
Vicky Kaushal's 'Uri: The Surgical Strike' has hit the theatres.
An elbow injury forced Steve Smith to return home from the BPL.
Barcelona, without Barcelona, suffered a loss in the Copa Del Rey first leg.
A BJP leader said that the Congress government in MP is running at their ‘mercy’.
Rahul Gandhi said, "There are certain things that PM Modi says I listen to."
Ram Vilas Paswan said, "I don't know Manmohan Singh's caste."
A Congress leader said that PM Modi is a dictator and works like Hitler and Putin.
The Centre has launched a five-year plan to combat pollution in 102 cities.
The Karnataka government has approved a suburban rail project for Bengaluru.
Foreign currency worth ₹38 lakh was seized at Hyderabad Airport.
The Cabinet has approved three new AIIMS at Gujarat and Jammu and Kashmir.
Hotstar has taken down Pandya and Rahul's ‘Koffee With Karan’ episode.
Rajinikanth fans got married at a TN theatre while his film 'Petta' was running.
Pujara said it means a lot and thanked Viv Richards for the congratulatory message.
Australia will don a 1986-inspired green and gold kit in ODIs versus India.
Alok Verma said he was sad to be transferred based on false allegations.
Justin Langer said that Pujara watches the ball more closely than even Dravid and Sachin.
US police have issued a warrant for Ronaldo's DNA in a rape investigation.
The hosts UAE handed India their first defeat of the Asian Cup 2019.
Murray broke down and said the Australian Open could be his last event.
Mary Kom has become the world number one woman boxer in the 48-kg category.
A robotic sex toy won a CES innovation award but it was taken back later.
A male nurse left a baby's head inside during a failed delivery, resulting in decapitation.
Police burned a body with waste and kept the ₹2,700 given for proper cremation.
A pilot landed a helicopter on its nose to rescue a skier, and the video went viral.
Raymond chief Gautam Singhania will quit from all group companies.
Trump said, "I wish him luck and it's going to be a beauty," about Bezos' divorce.
Sunil Grover's 'Kanpur Waale Khuranas' will go off air.
Anupam Kher's 'The Accidental Prime Minister' has hit theatres.
Rahul said that the Prime Minister can't sleep after Alok Verma's removal as CBI chief.
Google’s limit on the ‘right to be forgotten’ was supported in Europe.
Tata Motors-owned Jaguar Land Rover will slash 4,500 jobs.
Rolls-Royce has warned that Brexit could bring production to a halt.
Scientists have found a protein to make a mosquito birth control drug.
A star-producing quasar brighter than 600 trillion Suns was found.
A star-eating black hole was found spinning at half the speed of light.
Iran has said it will not comply with the illegal US sanctions.
Maduro has been sworn in as Venezuela President for a second term amid economic crisis.
‘Ghar pe TV nai hai kya, idiot?’ said Jadeja to a fan criticising his batting.
Rohit Sharma said that MS Dhoni is like a guiding light for Team India.
Azhar said he met Sangeeta in an ad shoot in 1985 and it was love at first sight.
₹1.35 crore was seized and 83 people were arrested in a tennis match-fixing probe in Spain.
A NASA spacecraft captured Earth, the Moon, and an asteroid in a single picture.
Bhushan said it was a desperate move to stop an FIR against the Prime Minister regarding the CBI chief's removal.
A woman thrashed her harasser and took him home to apologise in front of his wife.
A Chinese pilot was suspended and fined ₹1 lakh for allowing his wife in the cockpit.
If Bezos' wealth is split equally, then his wife will be the richest woman.
Director Farhad said that taking over 'Housefull 4' wasn't tough.
Lady Gaga will take down her song with a sexual abuse accused singer.
The Supreme Court denied an urgent hearing on a plea against 'The Accidental...'.
Karan said "Timely conversations," and shared a picture from a Bollywood meet with the Prime Minister.
An actress' sexual harassment claim against Weinstein was dismissed.
A bloodied seal with a plastic net around its neck was seen at a UK beach.
The BJP has appointed Chouhan, Raje, and Singh as its party's national vice presidents.
Shinde said that Rahul respects women and holds them in high regard.
Elon Musk claims that the new Tesla Roadster will float above the ground.
A biodegradable sensor to monitor blood flow in arteries was made.
NASA has said that the Hubble Space Telescope's main camera has shut down.
A study said that users over 65 years old are more likely to share fake news on Facebook.
CBSE has introduced two Mathematics levels for class 10 students.
The Taliban killed 32 members of Afghan security forces and militias.
A Pakistani cyberstalker was jailed for harassing 200 lady doctors and nurses.
A Russian hunter shot his son dead after mistaking him for a moose.
TCS's profit rose 24% to a record ₹8,105 crore in the December quarter.
Prabhu said that India won't violate international laws in trade with Iran.
Verma was removed as CBI chief by a PM-led panel and was made the DG of fire services.
The title of Cheat India was changed to Why Cheat India over a CBFC objection.
Actor Ajith's cut-out fell down during a milk pouring event in Tamil Nadu and five people were injured.
Raja said that Imran Khan compared Kohli to Sachin at the oath-taking function.
A report said that Kohli is India's most valued celebrity brand at ₹1,200 crore.
An Australian cricketer dropped a catch into his own face and was left bloodied.
Chidambaram said the world will take note of the cry of the IAS topper who quit.
A Karnataka auto driver was killed by another driver for charging lower fares.
Tyre killers were damaged due to traffic the day after installation in Noida.
A report said Big B and Aishwarya were approached for a Mani Ratnam film.
Salman Khan will start shooting for 'Dabangg 3'.
Sara will star opposite Varun in the 'Coolie No. 1' remake, according to a report.
A report said a former Facebook worker who criticised its data policy has joined Apple.
Apple Maps has added turn-by-turn navigation for Indian users.
Xiaomi lost $6 billion of market value in just three days.
Shivpal Yadav said there is no chance of going back to the Samajwadi Party.
The West Bengal Chief Minister said the state will not contribute 40% of funds for the Ayushman scheme.
Prakash Raj defended Rahul by saying, "He is not against women."
China has offered Tesla CEO Elon Musk permanent residency.
A jailed ex-Nissan chief is down with fever, so interrogation has been halted.
The first proof of white dwarf stars turning into crystals was found.
Airport-like lounges at New Delhi railway station will be built by March.
The Sri Lankan Prime Minister said the country is struggling to pay foreign debt of $5.9 billion.
A 33-foot tunnel used to smuggle drugs was found near the US-Mexico border.
Trump misspelled 'forest' as he cut funds to tackle the California fire.
The GST Council hiked the composition scheme, which was limited to ₹1.5 crore.
The Reserves panel Chairman said that the RBI is accountable to the government.
Former CM Sheila Dikshit has taken over as Delhi Congress chief.
Neha said that Angad revealed everything meant to be hidden on her show.
Sushant said that paid campaigners were used to give the #MeToo movement a burst.
PTI reported that the CBI DIG who probed Asthana is going to quit the investigation.
Hardik's father said he is an innocent boy and wanted to entertain on the talk show row.
A 130-year-old crocodile named 'Gangaram' died and 500 villagers attended the funeral.
A 68-year-old man was arrested for sexually assaulting a 3-year-old girl in Tamil Nadu.
BJP MP Kirron Kher made faces in the Lok Sabha and the video went viral.
A man shot at a 10-year-old girl when she asked if his gun was a toy.
A woman visited the same ATM for 17 days and caught the thief who cheated her.
Protests broke out in Bihar after a teen girl was found beheaded as her kin alleged rape.
Kanimozhi asked the RS Deputy Chairman, "Can you speak in a language I understand?"
A SpiceJet passenger was caught carrying 22 live cartridges in Pune.
Twenty bodies, of which 17 were burned, were found near the US-Mexico border.
Ranveer said, "I was born to do Gully Boy and only I could pull it off."
Madhuri Dixit said, "There is no substitute for hard work."
The owner of Cambridge Analytica ignored a data request and was fined ₹13.5 lakh.
Instagram has added a feature on iOS to post on multiple accounts.
Google Search has added a new feature to find past searches.
Rahul said the Prime Minister was in a 'tearing hurry' to sack the CBI chief due to Rafale.
Mufti said she was disappointed when misogyny is normalised in politics.
The Prime Minister said not many know how much Congress culture had damaged India's defence.
The High Court has rejected Lalu Prasad's bail plea in the fodder scam cases.
The government's 10% quota bill has been challenged in the Supreme Court.
The US Coast Guard told staff to try babysitting to survive the government shutdown.
Jet Airways has proposed late debt repayments to creditors.
Bank of Baroda will increase the minimum balance limit by 100%.
The Oscars 2019 will be held without a host for the first time in 30 years, according to a report.
Mumbai Police tweeted a road safety meme from Ranveer's 'Gully Boy'.
The CoA chief is considering a two-game ban on Pandya and Rahul for offensive comments.
An Australian man was arrested for sending a suspicious package to the Indian consulate.
The GST exemption limit was doubled to ₹40 lakh in relief to small firms.
A thief fleeing with jewellery fell from the 9th floor of a building and died.
The government has said that not making Hindi mandatory and the media report is ‘mischievous’.  
VK Singh has said that Pakistan’s ban on Indian content will not end contact among people.  
Army chief Gen Bipin Rawat has said that LGBTQ issues are not acceptable in the Army.  
A minister has said that the J&K IAS officer who quit had failed to condemn terror.  
A BJP youth wing member was arrested in the Bulandshahr violence case.  
A woman in Uttar Pradesh delivered a baby on the floor as no doctor was available.  
A man from Tamil Nadu has said that he was denied immigration at Mumbai airport for not knowing Hindi.  
A menstruating woman died after being forced to stay in a hut in Nepal.  
Google Assistant will offer real-time language translation.  
A smart e-bike that connects to Amazon's Alexa was unveiled at CES.  
Sushma Swaraj has said that Rahul's remark on Sitharaman is a new low in politics.  
Mufti has asked if the government is ready for talks with the Taliban, then why not with J&K separatists.  
The Sena has said that the Prime Minister who advised youth to fry pakodas gave reservation.  
The NCW has sent notice to Rahul after his 'PM hid behind woman' remark.  
The Shiv Sena has asked where jobs will come from regarding the 10% quota.  
Ola's parent company has raised $74 million and is valued at $5.7 billion.  
A Bangladeshi man was jailed over photoshopped pictures of Manmohan Singh and others.  
A BJP leader was shot dead in Bihar's Muzaffarpur district.  
The Army chief has said that about 300 terrorists are waiting to enter India.  
Robbers looted ₹25 lakh in cash and thrashed passengers in a Delhi-Bihar train.  
Great Learning’s AI program is being promoted to prepare for jobs of the future.  
One of the five Supreme Court judges in the Ayodhya dispute has opted out of the case.  
Huawei has announced the launch of the Huawei Y9 2019 in India.  
A 36-year-old woman dyed her hair grey and claimed that she entered the temple.  
A team needed 6 runs to win off the last ball but won with 1 ball to spare.  
Tesla has been sued for a faulty battery after two teenagers died in a 186-kmph crash.  
Repeated radio signals have been detected for the second time from outside the Milky Way.  
A woman in Maharashtra was arrested for sexual abuse of her friend's 11-year-old son.  
Sidhu has received Z+ security and a Land Cruiser from the Punjab Chief Minister's fleet.  
A drug lord texted his wife saying he was going to give their 1-year-old daughter an AK-47.  
Trump’s son has said that people can enjoy a day at the zoo because walls work.  
New York's iconic 90-year-old Chrysler Building is up for sale.  
Air India has started using food stocked from India on return flights.  
A crypto ransom of ₹73 crore was demanded for a Norway millionaire's wife.  
Amartya Sen has said there is no point in reservation if it covers the whole population.  
The Congress has fielded Randeep Surjewala as its candidate for the Jind bypoll.  
After Saumitra Khan, the TMC has also expelled Lok Sabha MP Anupam Hazra.  
Three Assam ministers have resigned in protest against the citizenship bill.  
An IIT-Madras team has created 'space fuel' to curb greenhouse gases.  
A man was tied to an electricity pole and thrashed on suspicion of theft.  
The Army has rescued 150 tourists in Sikkim who were stuck in sub-zero temperatures.  
A man was stabbed on a Hyderabad street for not returning ₹5,000.  
The Marathi literary body chief has resigned after the Sahgal invite row.  
Afghanistan has said that ending the war without the Taliban talking to them is a 'dream'.  
The President of Mexico has said that Trump's border wall debate is an internal US political matter.  
The Finance Minister has said that unions are protesting on 'non-existent' issues regarding Bharat Bandh.  
The Rajya Sabha has cleared a 10% quota for the economically weak in the general category.  
Rohit has said to Pant, "Heard you are a good babysitter so I need one right now."  
Bihar spinner Aman has taken 68 wickets and broken Bedi's 44-year-old record.  
A 21-year-old Olympic champion has said that his coach abused him since he was 17.  
A US island is offering ₹91.6 lakh to two people to look after a lighthouse.  
IAS topper Omar has resigned, saying that bureaucracy's loss is politics' gain.  
Rahul said to PM Modi, "Be a man," after his 'PM hid behind woman' remark.  
The Delhi High Court has remarked that a wife slapping a man cannot be instigated to commit suicide.  
A report suggests that the CBI Director has cancelled most transfer orders by the interim chief.  
India has allowed Bank Pasargad of Iran to open a branch in Mumbai.  
Kangana has denied any pressure regarding the clash of her film's release with the film Thackeray.  
The Pakistan Supreme Court has ordered that they will not allow Indian TV shows as they damage culture.  
Mahesh has said, "I condemn the act on the FIR against 'The Accidental ...'"  
Zoya has said she is always surprised to be called elite class.  
Alia has said that both Ranveer and Ranbir are superb human beings and actors.  
Twitter is about to start a program to test new conversation features.  
An AI kit that can control a wheelchair with facial movements was shown at CES.  
TMC MP Saumitra Khan has joined the BJP, and the party says he was expelled.  
The Sena has told the BJP that they should solve farmers' issues first before talking about coalition.  
The e-pharmacy startup 1mg is set to raise $35 million at a $200 million valuation.  
Snapdeal has to face prosecution in Karnataka for illegal drug sales.  
The Delhi Police has said that there is an 11.72% decline in heinous crimes.  
Pakistan has suspended the licences of 16 pilots and 65 cabin crew members for having fake degrees.  
Police are seeking DNA samples from male staff after a US woman in a coma gave birth.  
Shell has bought out Total's 26% stake in Hazira LNG and Port.  
Pfizer is shutting down manufacturing plants in Chennai and Aurangabad.  
Boeing has become the world's largest planemaker for the seventh straight year.  
The world's richest person, Jeff Bezos, and his wife are to divorce after 25 years.  
The Kedarnath maker has said that Sara has no clue what he went through regarding the court case.  
Aishwarya has said she took bullets when it was a cakewalk for others during pregnancy.  
Madhya Pradesh lost 6 wickets without scoring a run, going from 35/3 to 35 all out.  
An ex-football coach died after his car hit a tree on the day of his sex abuse trial.  
Japan's passport has been ranked the world's most powerful; India is ranked 79th.  
Daggers and hydrogen peroxide were recovered in a police raid at an RSS office.  
PM Modi was asked if the Rafale deal was held up because of Michel mama.  
Amazon has received criticism for selling toilet covers with Islam's holy text.  
The RBI has given $400 million to Sri Lanka's central bank under a swap deal.  
Scientists have discovered a process that stabilises fusion plasmas.  
India is the second highest contributor to IBM's 2018 US patent record.  
PM Modi has launched projects worth ₹3,500 crore in Agra.  
The World Bank's outgoing President is joining a private equity firm.  
Apple CEO Tim Cook earned ₹960 crore in 2018.  
A South Korean startup has made a ₹1.2 lakh smart treadmill for cats.  
Car sales in China, the world's biggest market, have fallen for the first time in 20 years.  
The nun who protested against the bishop has received an 'anti-religious life' notice.  
Noida has installed 'tyre killers' to stop vehicles driving on the wrong side.  
A Photoshop failure has shown the Australian Prime Minister with two left feet in a portrait.  
YouTube has faced a global outage for over an hour.  
It was unveiled at CES that technology will monitor drivers and passengers in cars.  
A fire has broken out at an under-construction hospital in Maharashtra.  
The oldest person in the US has died at the age of 114.  
Yes Bank has finalised names of potential successors to Rana Kapoor.  
The government will issue new safety rules for A320neos with P&W engines.  
Rishabh Pant danced to the Bharat Army's 'babysit' song dedicated to him.  
Six Indians have been fined for illegal betting in the Bangladesh Premier League.  
The body of a 25-year-old woman was found inside a suitcase in Delhi.  
A fitness trainer in J&K has been hospitalised due to addiction to PUBG.  
A man drove a burning truck to an isolated place to avoid risk to others.  
A journalist has been jailed over the Paradise Papers probe on the previous Turkey Prime Minister.  
Indian oil companies have started paying Iran for oil in rupees.  
WhatsApp may introduce fingerprint verification for Android.  
AT&T has updated its 4G logo with '5G E' and has received criticism for being misleading.  
The Shiv Sena has told the BJP, "Do not threaten us or we will bury you."  
PM Modi has launched road and sewerage projects in Maharashtra.  
Seven parties have sought registration from the Election Commission.  
Lucknow's 'Andhe Ki Chowki' and 'Langda Phatak' are to be renamed.  
The Taliban has cancelled peace talks with the US over an agenda disagreement.  
Assets worth ₹6,000 crore have been detected under the foreign black money law.  
UpGrad and IIIT B's Data Science program has seen a 90% rise in enrolment.  
The BCCI has given 24 hours to Pandya and KL Rahul to explain their remarks on a talk show.  
CBI chief Alok Verma has resumed work after a 77-day leave.  
The Congress has appointed Apsara Reddy as its first transgender office-bearer.  
Private FM stations are now allowed to air news from All India Radio.  
India and Norway have agreed to collaborate with each other on the ocean economy and SDGs.  
Tamil Nadu has announced the creation of its 33rd district, Kallakurichi.  
A protestor has died in Karnataka during a strike by trade unions.  
A Tamil Nadu District Collector has enrolled his daughter at an anganwadi.  
Passengers were grounded for two hours with a dead body after a man died on a flight.  
Trump has called the Indian-origin policeman killed in the US a national hero.  
A girl from Saudi Arabia who was seeking asylum has been given refugee status by the UN.  
A man has been found dead at a night shelter for the homeless in Aligarh.  
Five members of a family were found dead at home in Uttar Pradesh.  
A 10-year-old child consumed insecticide and said there was no food at home.  
Two men tried to sell a pangolin worth ₹40 lakh and were held in Thane.  
The Cabinet has approved ST status for six communities in Assam.  
The ‘Buddha boy’ is under probe in Nepal over missing devotees.  
The I&B Ministry has raised the government’s ad rates in print media by 25%.  
The Lok Sabha has passed the 10% quota bill for the economically weak in the general category.  
A video has gone viral of a father dragging his daughter by her hoodie at the airport.  
During the South Africa tour, a Pakistani batsman has claimed that he is under the spell of black magic.  
A Lankan bowler has taken all 10 wickets in an innings by giving just 37 runs.  
A TMC MP has worn a PM Modi mask during a protest in the Parliament complex.  
Six people fought with pub staff for not playing a Sapna Choudhary song and were held.  
An Indian-origin cop has been jailed for forging a molestation victim's statement.  
A Japanese startup has made a smart wooden plank that plays music.  
WhatsApp has added a private reply feature for group chats on iOS.  
A Pune medtech startup has received ₹50 lakh from a government enterprise.  
The Goa Police and a Bengaluru startup have built technology to spot illegal drones.  
Scientists have used AI to make an inexpensive heart disease detector.  
An implant that may restore facial movement after paralysis has been made.  
Union Minister Kiren Rijiju has said that there are no plans to repeal AFSPA.  
The Nagpur police have said that a youth approached them to find a 'stolen heart'.  
A report has said that an ex-Saudi aide and key suspect in a journalist's murder is missing.  
A video suggests that Putin has marked Russian Christmas by firing a cannon.  
The Essar Group has repaid more than 80% of its total debt in two years.  
After the Monsanto verdict, RSS outfits are seeking a change in the rules for patents.  
The RBI has suggested that mobile wallet transactions declined by 5.7% in November.  
The Supreme Court's five-judge bench led by the CJI will hear the Ayodhya case from January 10.  
Royal Enfield President Rudratej Singh has stepped down.  
The ocean plastic collecting pipe has broken apart in the Pacific.  
Azam Khan has demanded 5% reservation for the Muslim community.  
Incense sticks will be made out of flower waste in Lucknow.  
An MFB report has suggested that the ESIC Hospital fire was caused due to an illegal canteen.  
Three people have been killed and 300 injured in a train crash in South Africa.  
Israel will seek $250 billion from Arab nations that expelled Jews.  
Rwanda has banned skin lightening cosmetics.  
Zoya Akhtar has said that film technicians need to be paid more.  
Guptill has taken a one-handed catch to deny Perera a second straight ton.  
A third top-level executive has exited from Infosys.  
Angad has said that it is hypocrisy to criticise Neha's pregnancy on social media.  
Pakistan Prime Minister Imran Khan has congratulated Virat Kohli for the record series win.  
The BCCI has declared that IPL 2019 has to take place entirely in India despite the elections.  
Ahead of the CES tech event, a humanoid robot has been hit by a Tesla car.  
Omar has said that the BJP remembered to give quota after defeat in recent polls.  
The food startup Innerchef has raised ₹45 crore in Series B funding.  
Jaitley has remarked on the balanced decision regarding the Supreme Court order to reinstate Alok Verma.  
Two sisters jumped into a crocodile-infested river to save 10 people.  
A man killed his wife's brother to get her sympathy votes in the poll.  
PM Modi and Trump have discussed the trade deficit and Afghanistan over the phone.  
Derek O'Brien has said that Jaitley misquoted James Bond to suit himself.  
The Cabinet has cleared the merger of Dena Bank and Vijaya Bank with Bank of Baroda.  
The trucking startup Fortigo is set to raise $50 million to enter lending services.  
Zomato is in talks to raise up to $1 billion in funding, according to a report.  
The ISRO Chairman has said that ISRO plans to launch 32 space missions in 2019.  
Israeli scientists have made a drug to remove ageing cells in mice.  
Mamata has said that the UGC is stopping scholarship grants to researchers.  
Sachin Tendulkar's childhood coach Ramakant Achrekar has died at the age of 86.  
Rahul has said, "Give me 20 minutes with the Prime Minister for a one-on-one debate on Rafale."  
Six people have been killed in Denmark's worst train accident in 30 years.  
The GST fine has been waived for late returns between July 2017 and September 2018.  
The NCLT has allowed the government to reopen IL&FS accounts for the past five years.  
The direct tax-to-GDP ratio of 5.98% in FY18 is the best in 10 years, according to the government.  
The world's largest cigarette maker plans an IPO for its global arm.  
The government has approved a ₹1,600 crore subsidy for exporters of select goods.  
Janhvi has said, "I've no memory of four months, and I'm still in shock," about her mother's death.  
An Uttaran actress has said that her ex-boyfriend used to beat her in front of her friends.  
Dipika has said to Sreesanth, "I'll be your sister for life," after her Bigg Boss win.  
Ariana has said, "Can they tell me too?" on an article saying, "Who is Ariana dating?"  
India has named a 13-man squad for the Sydney Test; Ishant Sharma is out injured.  
The Speaker has asked Congress MPs, "Did you not make paper planes in childhood?"
Arun Jaitley quoted a James Bond movie against the Gandhi family in the Lok Sabha.  
Congress MPs hurled paper planes at Jaitley amid the Rafale debate in the Lok Sabha.  
Pakistan has misplaced 23 Indian passports, confirms Sushma Swaraj.  
Police raided a PNB branch on New Year and arrested partying drunk staff.  
Jeff Bezos celebrated New Year by riding a horse into a US store.  
Iran will invest ₹11,500 crore in Chennai Petroleum's refinery expansion.  
Randeep Hooda said, "I try to be a voice for voiceless animals."  
Sara may star in Remo's film after Katrina's exit, according to a report.  
Netflix was criticised for pulling a comedy show episode in Saudi Arabia.  
The High Court set aside the ED order attaching Tech Mahindra's FDs worth ₹1,822 crore.  
Ex-Google workers' AI startup aims to make people 'happy' at work.  
The Centre is planning a shutdown of sites over fake news, according to reports.  
Ola has raised ₹114 crore from a Chinese scooter-making firm, according to a report.  
The Australian Prime Minister told Nathan Lyon to live up to the 'GOAT' nickname in Sydney.  
Parrikar has Rafale files in his bedroom, according to an audio clip released by Congress.  
Congress is desperate to fabricate facts, says Parrikar on Rafale audio clip
The Kerala Chief Minister has confirmed that two women entered Sabarimala Temple today.
The woman who entered Sabarimala said she faced no protest from devotees.  
The Supreme Court will hear a plea on the rescue of miners trapped in Meghalaya.  
Pakistan claims it shot down an 'Indian spy quadcopter.'  
crore Aadhaar cards have been issued to people till November 2018, according to the government.  
An ex-MLA who allegedly shot at a woman during a New Year's Eve party has been arrested.  
A speeding car hit a girl in Mumbai, and the victim was thrown in the air on impact.  
The high-speed car hit a girl in Mumbai, and the victim was thrown in the air on impact.  
China is building the 'most advanced' naval warships for Pakistan, according to a report.  
Cathay Pacific mistakenly sold ₹11.2 lakh tickets for ₹1.47 lakh.  
Jet Airways has missed a loan repayment for the first time ever.  
Tanushree said, "I was just a vessel of change," regarding #MeToo.  
Google has won US approval for a radar-based hand motion sensor.  
Waymo self-driving vehicles are being vandalised in the US, according to a report.  
The AAP said, "Words of an outgoing PM have no effect," on the Prime Minister's interview.  
An ex-Chief Minister has demanded that the MP government reintroduce the ritual of 'Vande Mataram.'  
The VHP said, "Hindus can't wait till eternity for a verdict," regarding the Ram Mandir.  
Tamil Nadu has moved the Supreme Court against the reopening of the Sterlite plant.  
Brazil has been liberated from socialism, said the new President at his inauguration.  
The new President at inauguration said that Brazil is liberated from socialism.  
The Mayor of a city in Mexico was assassinated less than two hours after taking office.  
The government has appointed LIC MD Bhargava as the insurer's interim Chairman.  
The RBI has allowed restructuring of small business loans of up to ₹25 crore.  
Kunal Shah has launched CRED to reward creditworthy credit card users.  
Warne gave 150 runs and took only Shastri's wicket on his Test debut.  
Deepika commented, "Hungry anyone?" about a dosa named after her in a US restaurant.  
Anupam Kher asked YouTube for help, saying, "'The Accidental' trailer is missing, please help."  
Amy Jackson has gotten engaged to British businessman George Panayiotou.  
Govinda said, "Kader Khan was not just my ustaad but a father figure."  
A Kolkata professor asked a student to bathe with him in a river.  
A neighbour stabbed a couple to death while locals filmed the incident in Delhi.  
A court granted divorce via WhatsApp as the husband was in Nagpur and the wife was in the US.  
Two women who entered Sabarimala have asked the Supreme Court for police protection.  
Menstruating girls were allegedly confined in a government building in Uttarakhand.  
Flipkart's Sachin has paid ₹1,699 crore advance tax for Q1 of FY19, according to a report.  
According to reports, Flipkart's Sachin has paid ₹1,699 crore advance tax for Q1 of FY19.  
Lakhs of people participated to form a 620-km long Women's Wall in Kerala.  
A woman PhD scholar was found hanging in a hostel room at IIT Madras.  
Sabarimala was shut for purification after the entry of women below 50.  
The MP government has put on hold the singing of Vande Mataram at the Secretariat.  
A Thai man shot six family members and killed himself at a New Year party.  
China has reserved the right to use force to stop the independence of Taiwan.  
China said that it reserves the right to use force to stop the independence of Taiwan.  
The RSS said that PM Modi's stand on the Ram temple is a positive step.  
PM Modi said that Congress wants to weaken the Army with false claims.  
CM Naidu said he bowed down to satisfy the Prime Minister's ego for the sake of Andhra.  
Congress said that the gathbandhan of thugs should start its countdown.  
Kader Khan said in an old interview, "My mother died on April 1, no one believed me."  
Apple COO said that Qualcomm refused to provide chips for 2018 iPhones.  
IAS topper Faesal said that Kashmiris don't relate to the idea of India.  
Gavaskar is set to miss presenting the Border-Gavaskar Trophy to Kohli.  
Kohli was named captain, and no Australian was included in Cricket Australia's ODI XI of 2018.  
The President of Venezuela called his Brazilian counterpart 'Hitler.'  
United Spirits will sell Four Seasons Wines for ₹31.8 crore.  
India will add 1,000 aircraft in the next 7-8 years, according to the Aviation Secretary.  
Shatrughan Sinha said there is a need to take care of artistes after Kader's death.  
Kohli was named captain, and no Australian was included in Cricket Australia's ODI XI of 2018.  
The President of Venezuela called his Brazilian counterpart 'Hitler.'  
United Spirits will sell Four Seasons Wines for ₹31.8 crore.  
India will add 1,000 aircraft in the next 7-8 years, according to the Aviation Secretary.  
Shatrughan Sinha said there is a need to take care of artistes after Kader's death.  
VVS Laxman said, "We should show some empathy to Pandya and KL Rahul."  
Smriti Irani said that Rahul's family gave the ‘Bharat Ratna’ to themselves.  
Men filed an RTI query on development work and received used condoms in reply.  
The 10% general category quota has come into force in Jharkhand.  
Six people drowned after a boat capsized in the Narmada river, and 36 were rescued.  
Kalki said, "Virginity is not a treasure to be given as a gift to a husband."  
Pakistani lawmakers have been suspended for not disclosing assets.  
The Huawei Y9 has gone on sale today with free earphones worth ₹2,990.  
The body of one out of fifteen trapped in the Meghalaya mine was found after 35 days.  
The first plant on the Moon died as the temperature reached -170°C at night.  
A firm is selling reverse stitched jeans that look like they're inside out.  
Hazel said she was depressed and starved herself, sharing her '10 Year Challenge.'  
Virat Kohli said, "MS Dhoni talks a lot while batting and that helps."  
Rahul Gandhi said he was upset to hear Jaitley ji isn't well and is 100% with him.  
BJP President Amit Shah has been diagnosed with swine flu and admitted to AIIMS.  
PM Modi said he told jawans to come back before sunrise during the surgical strike.  
PM Modi said, "Pakistan ko sudharne mein abhi samay lagega," about the surgical strike.  
Sussanne called Sonali her inspiration and fireball on Sonali's birthday.  
Sudhir Bhargava has taken oath as Chief Information Commissioner.  
PM Modi said that loan waivers do not benefit the majority of farmers.  
PM Modi said it was not a jhatka and that he warned people a year before about note ban.  
The 'messy' star that caused its partner star to explode has been identified.  
The US said that China has some of the world's most advanced weapon systems.  
The US said that China has some of the world's most advanced weapon systems.  
Upskirting will become a crime punishable by two years in jail in the UK.  
The Maharashtra government and LIC have bid for the Air India building in Mumbai.  
SBI and stakeholders are working on a resolution plan for Jet Airways.  
Jet Airways said that SBI and stakeholders are working on a resolution plan.  
The Delhi airport operator will levy an X-ray baggage fee from February 1.  
Hugh Grant's bag was stolen from his car, and the actor asked for his script to be returned.  
Kohli said that balls can't damage the unbreakable Pujara, referring to the 'White Walker' name.  
A 28-year-old man fell to his death from the 5th floor while talking on the phone.  
Unable to pay his mother's treatment cost, a man and his family committed suicide.  
India has exempted rupee payments for Iran oil from the 42.5% tax.  
Only 8 out of 28 listed Tata companies added market value last year.  
AR Rahman will judge a reality singing show, according to reports.  
According to reports, AR Rahman will judge a reality singing show.  
The first poster of Alia and Ranveer starrer 'Gully Boy' has been unveiled.  
Pat Cummins said, "I do not think I would make a very good captain."  
A cyber law to control tech firms has come into effect in Vietnam.  
Jaitley said that the grand alliance is a tried, tested, and rejected idea.  
Manu Sawhney has been appointed as the new ICC CEO.  
A woman in Maharashtra delivered twins inside a railway station waiting room.  
The Sensex started the New Year with a 186-point rally.  
Rajasthan Minister Mamta said, "Caste is my first priority, then society."  
Farida said that after a certain age, you are only given the role of mother.  
15,000 habitations have been affected by arsenic-contaminated water, according to the government.  
Sikh inmates will be kept away from Sajjan Kumar's jail ward.  
Pakistani lawmakers have been suspended for not disclosing assets.  
The Huawei Y9 has gone on sale today with free earphones worth ₹2,990.  
Shatrughan Sinha is no longer treated like a VIP at Patna airport.  
A speeding car hit a girl in Mumbai, and the victim was thrown in the air on impact.  
The high-speed car hit a girl in Mumbai, and the victim was thrown in the air on impact.  
China is building the 'most advanced' naval warships for Pakistan, according to a report.  
Hichki director said that directing Rani Mukerji is a dream come true.  
A US scientist has named beetles after 'Game of Thrones' dragons.  
According to reports, Hrithik will star in Shankar's science fiction film.  
Manisha Koirala said that she thinks cancer came into her life as a gift.  
RCB shared Kohli's 10-year challenge picture, saying he aged just like fine wine.  
On Dhoni's incomplete run, Gilchrist said it wasn’t against the rules.  
Pant said, "You are the reason I am so happy," making his relationship public.  
Armed men looted passengers in AC coaches of the Duronto Express in Delhi.  
The Supreme Court told the search panel to shortlist Lokpal and its members' names by the end of February.  
Three Indian-Americans have been nominated to key posts in the Trump administration.  
Chairman Naresh Goyal said he is ready to invest ₹700 crore in Jet Airways.  
The founder of Vanguard, which manages $5 trillion of assets, died at the age of 89.  
Karishma said it is immature to make false allegations against Hirani.  
Traders' bodies have said to apply FDI norms to domestic online firms too.  
A traders' body said to apply FDI norms to domestic online firms too.  
MIT scientists have developed a new 3D-printing system for glass.  
The MP Chief Minister said he wants to see 'gau matas' in shelters, not on roads.  
Congress has appointed ten more national spokespersons.  
The BSP told Congress to withdraw Bharat Bandh cases or lose their support.  
Congress said it is ready for the Rafale debate and asked to fix a time.  
The CCI rejected the predatory pricing concern on the Flipkart-Walmart deal.  
The Odisha government has sanctioned ₹38 lakh to aid nine startups.  
Badal said, "One 'magarmach' down," after Sajjan Kumar was sent to jail.  
"We never travelled much, but decided to go to Kashmir on a bike anyway."  
A seminar on the National Register of Citizenship was held in the city.  
The strange power of the evil eye.  
Football fan rivalries have taken centre stage in India.  
How to manage a fatty liver?  
A blood donation drive was held at KTHM College.  
A seminar on the National Register of Citizenship was held in the city.  
Why have we become so comfortable sharing our private life online?  
Praveen Sasi said, "My happiness knew no bounds when Dhanush anna thanked me."  
Rachita Ram's sister Nithya Ram is now married.  
Big sports events are happening today.  
Screen time and sleep.  
Vivekh will play a doctor who doles out social messages.  
Column: Tongue in Check  
A matter of odour.  
How to pick your work bag.  
A blood donation drive was held at KTHM College.  
Rachita Ram is set to make her Telugu film debut.  
The perfect fast.  
A security flaw in the Airtel app exposed customer data, but it has been fixed now.  
The trailer of Varun Dhawan and Shraddha Kapoor's 'Street Dancer 3D' will release on December 18 and will also be attached with 'Dabangg 3.'  
Justice must never ever take the form of revenge, says the Chief Justice of India.  
A culture curry for Lucknowites.  
TV actor Ankit Bathla said, "I just love coming to Lucknow."
TV actress Tanvi Dogra was injured while shooting at Ghodbunder Fort.  
The two-day literature festival concluded on a grand note in Kanpur.  
Priya Varrier shot for a film in Lucknow.  
There was some fun in the sun for Delhi’s polo enthusiasts.  
After Gurgaon, Delhi has adopted the eco-friendly route with e-bikes, and Noida is set to follow.  
Dharmendra has stopped celebrating his birthday.  
The two-day literature festival concluded on a grand note in Kanpur.  
Priya Varrier shot for a film in Lucknow.  
After Gurgaon, Delhi has adopted the eco-friendly route with e-bikes, and Noida will follow.  
A culture curry was served for Lucknowites.  
The first teaser of Gal Gadot's 'Wonder Woman 1984' has been released.  
Nearly 90% of the Nirbhaya Fund is lying unused, according to government data.  
"Whoever the coach picks, I will be ready," said FC Goa defender Pena.  
A 17-year-old was gang-raped and burned alive in Tripura.  
"We will bury her, she’s already burnt," said the Unnao girl’s father.  
The baraat arrived late and got locked up; the bride found herself a new groom.  
No handcuffing of accused is allowed except under a magistrate’s orders, according to the Supreme Court.  
"We’re told that for our own raksha, we must be kept in a bandhan," said Kavita Krishnan.  
The President has said that the expensive legal process is beyond reach.  
Photos show Alia Bhatt as a sight to behold in a green and white salwar suit.  
Women’s security was the focus at the Prime Minister’s meeting with top cops.  
The Vande Bharat Express ran over cattle in Auraiya district, and the train’s metal nose was damaged.  
After a glut, the Lok Sabha Speaker has capped private member bills.  
Karen Gillan has denied rumours that she is starring in 'The Mask' reboot.  
Goa has declared the ghumot as a heritage instrument.  
Companies are now paying employees to do charity work.  
The GST Stakeholder Feedback Diwas was observed in Vijayawada.  
Ajit told me that Sharad Pawar knew of his NCP+BJP plans, said Devendra Fadnavis.  
India-China border talks are likely on December 21.  
Photos show Ananya Panday and Bhumi Pednekar visiting a cinema hall in Mumbai.  
The Hyderabad vet was the ‘son’ of her family.  
The government is working on a personal tax rate rejig, said Sitharaman.  
Chandrayaan-3 is official, and ISRO is seeking Rs 75 crore.  
In Patna, 1,500 people took part in St Michael’s athletics meet.  
A shawl got entangled in a bike’s wheel and severed a 70-year-old man’s head.  
Experts have backed Chief Minister Nitish Kumar’s call for a ban on porn websites.  
At Rs 150 per kg, onions are literally making Kolkata's street-food vendors cry.  
The Deputy Chief Minister will launch new facilities at VTR today.  
One person was killed and two injured as a bus rammed into an auto-rickshaw.  
A man was held for molesting an auto co-passenger in Kolkata.  
The Bihar Chief Minister has urged people to contribute to the Army welfare fund.  
Parking bays and an extended runway at Kolkata airport are expected by 2024.  
The Bihar transport department will cancel licences of frequent offenders.  
The Rajya Sabha deputy chairman has lauded the Bihar government for bridging the gender gap.  
A drunk man driving a stolen auto gave a fake address to cops and fled.  
Gaya OTA officers have been inducted into the Army.  
After initial opposition, the JD(U) will back the CAB in Parliament.  
A trickster promised to ‘help’ a senior citizen and landed in the police net.  
Meet the citizen astronomers who chase stars.  
Kolkata police have started cracking down on crimes against women at night.  
Work on the Adalatganj pond’s renovation will resume today.  
In the PUSU elections, 58.5% voter turnout was recorded amid a clash.  
In Bihar, a blind walk highlighted the need for eye donation.  
In Patna, girls will be given self-defence training, said Patna SSP Garima Malik.  
Students were told to help tackle global issues at a meeting.  
A passport racket was busted in Mau; two cops and eight others were held.  
A Rajasthan man has been given the death penalty for the rape and murder of a 6-year-old.  
In Surat, BRT bus drivers are facing SMC music.  
Ignored by the government, Daniyalpur villagers build their own bamboo bridge every year.  
Vadodara artists have bridged the distance between Indian and Sri Lankan art.  
In Gujarat, a sanitation helpline received 123 calls in 3 days.  
A man found dead on Morbi tracks had killed six members of a Dahod family.  
All PHCs in Madhya Pradesh will have doctors by next year.  
In Gujarat, a jobless diamond artisan committed suicide in Amroli.  
WHERE MUSIC IS A BIG MOOD  
Madhya Pradesh will host the Asian and world shooting championships, said the Minister.  
In Gujarat, a security guard was held for molesting a five-year-old in Halol.  
Afghanistan has topped the list of foreign cadets.  
Three people were injured as a car and bus caught fire after a collision.  
In Surat, a separated woman has alleged the rape of a schoolgirl by her teacher husband.  
Kids from the state were selected for the National Science Congress.  
In Gujarat, an alert has been issued in Amreli villages as a ‘rogue’ leopard killed one more person.  
"Trance music is of demons and must be banned," said a former Goa minister.  
Local investors are zeroing in on startups in Kerala.  
Marchers in Delhi have reached halfway but have still made a point.  
In Surat, the anti-corruption bureau has nabbed two officials of the Songadh Taluka Panchayat.  
The Doon-based ICFRE has hosted a session on land degradation in Spain.  
CCTV cameras have been installed at the railway station, and special trains are running for devotees.  
More suspects have been rounded up amid rumours of the arrest of two persons.  
The Thiruvananthapuram Chief Minister’s verdict is that Allan Shuhaib and Thwaha Fazal are Maoists.  
The death of the Unnao rape victim is shameful, said Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal.  
In the Rohini murders, the accused had planned it for a week.  
In Vadodara, a court has rejected the bail pleas of two doctors and a lab technician.  
Visits to Japan and South Korea were a success, claimed Pinarayi.  
People are being told to keep kids away from mosquito repellents.  
Minister Jitu Patwari has slammed Shivraj Singh Chouhan and blamed the Centre for the urea crisis.  
In Gujarat, a schoolgirl died after falling off a school bus in Ghogha.  
A woman was attacked near New Delhi railway station.  
In Gujarat, there is a row over the vice-chancellor’s nominee in the Faculty of Social Work admission panel.  
A stillbirth has revealed that a 14-year-old was raped eight months ago.  
A man wanted for several loots and a murder has been arrested.  
In Delhi, ‘very poor’ air is unlikely to improve until Tuesday.  
In Gujarat, a woman was raped with the promise of a PSI job.  
A Nirbhaya convict has said he did not file a mercy plea.  
The benami properties of an Amreli land-grabber have been attached.  
A top IAF official has given a ‘3W’ formula for budding aviators.  
In Kerala, Ramesh Chennithala has demanded that people be told about achievements from foreign trips.  
The Chief Minister, Pinarayi Vijayan, has said that Jaleel did not meddle in varsity affairs.  
Parents are protesting against ‘norm violations’ at schools in south Delhi.  
Kiran Bedi has given approval for the free rice scheme under the DBT mode.  
Work on the Metro’s priority corridor is moving at a fast pace.  
Sanjeevani clinics are a booster for healthcare in Madhya Pradesh.  
The police cannot hire a chopper from private companies, said Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan.  
In Rajkot, a teenage girl fled home to meet a Facebook friend.  
Sanjeevani clinics are a booster for healthcare in Madhya Pradesh.  
The Ordnance Factory has won a Kabaddi tournament.  
Greens are leading the way by engaging in tree healing.  
There is a declining trend of groundwater in the last decade; 70% of Uttar Pradesh is ‘over-extracted’.  
A lack of infrastructure in Madhya Pradesh may hit compulsory hallmarking.  
In Delhi, the poll plot is thickening around illegal colonies.  
The government aims to make Madhya Pradesh’s cities the safest, said Chief Minister Kamal Nath.  
In Pune, top cops discussed women’s security with Modi at an all-India conference.  
Sanjeevani clinics have been opened to streamline medicare.  
Fuel pumps and agencies do not follow fire norms.  
A UAPA case has been filed against three Maoists who visited a tribal colony.  
Four teens have been arrested for gang-raping a 15-year-old girl in a Bulandshahr village.  
Nashik rural police will assist women travelling at night.  
In Delhi, a ‘worried’ woman poured petrol on her niece.  
In Uttar Pradesh, a baraat was locked up for coming late, and the bride found herself a new groom.  
Pandits are taking the app route to chant mantras.  
"Aapse toh darna chahiye," Prime Minister Narendra Modi told an 8-year-old judoka with a smile.  
Jessore Day was celebrated with full regalia in Meerut.  
Health officials aim to increase the sex ratio at birth to 980 from the current 958.  
In Thiruvananthapuram, a transgender student’s juice shop is a hit at the IFFK venue.  
Pune University chowk has donned a cleaner and greener look.  
In Kerala, two people have been chargesheeted in an IS module case.  
A teachers’ association is protesting an FIR against a principal after a rat was found in mid-day meal.  
A techie’s husband is waiting for justice a decade after her rape and murder.  
In Pune, a court has handed a man a life term for setting his wife ablaze.  
A girl’s father and five others have been booked for a child marriage offence.  
In Nashik, Saraf Bazar jewellers have installed 36 CCTVs for safety.  
In Thiruvananthapuram, a hunt is on for a black magician who sexually abused a girl.  
A finance firm owner has lost Rs 50 lakh in a SIM card fraud.  
The Kerala government has withdrawn security cover for Justice B Kemal Pasha.  
The biggest challenge is to ensure justice for all, said Chief Minister Kamal Nath.  
In Nashik, valuables worth Rs 7.06 lakh were stolen in two house-breakins.  
RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat wants every family to adopt a cow.  
Dim-lit city roads are adding to the fear factor.  
In Surat, a bakery shop was gutted in Udhana.  
A Madhya Pradesh minister is on a mission to 'save Mowgli's boomerang.'  
A decrease in flyers to Shirdi and transport from Aurangabad is an issue.  
A round-the-clock ticket window will be set up at platform 4 soon in Pune.  
The MNS has staged a protest against the dumping of garbage around N-2 ground.  
The AMC has lined up seven riverfront projects for inauguration.  
The government will appeal to artists who can afford it to withdraw from the pension scheme.  
The plan for three direct international flights from Pune has yet to take off.  
The Gujarat Public Service Commission has ruled that using a digital device means a lifelong ban.  
One person has been held and three booked for damaging six vehicles in Pune.  
A modern slaughterhouse at Padegaon will be ready soon.  
An insurance firm cannot scrap a claim for over-crowding.  
A Hadapsar resident has been given a life term for killing a woman.  
Savitribai Phule Pune University will declare results 30 days after exams from the next semester.  
The district administration has set a target of enrolling 21,000 people under the Prime Minister’s pension scheme.  
The police chief has told the force to focus on preventive action.  
Reservoirs will be built for water-starved areas in Agra.  
Officials have yet to decide on spending the 5.5-crore fund.  
A coachman chased and stopped an out-of-control horse-drawn carriage on a busy road.  
Mobile phones are now replacing technicians’ eyes.  
In Nashik, pupils rolled up their sleeves and picked plastic waste.  
Cops looking for ACB duty will have to crack a skill test.  
BAMU has started appointing teachers on a clock-hour basis.  
The BJP MLA’s grandson has been allowed to appear for exams in Aligarh Muslim University.  
In Chennai, 410 schools with less than five students may be shut.  
Property tax for freedom fighters has been waived.  
Development works worth Rs 24 crore have received the standing panel’s nod.  
Revenue department officials have surveyed encroachments off Pallavaram Thoraipakkam radial road.  
A class XI student has been detained for raping a 16-year-old girl in Agra.  
The new Karnavati president will be named at the AGM.  
In Gujarat, SMEs are demanding full payment from the Essar Steel committee of creditors.  
A four-member panel will probe the central kitchen row.  
In Andhra Pradesh, waste from sugar mills will help farmers.  
The high court has asked why an unmarried couple cannot share a hotel room.  
Beeda Mastan has joined the YSRC, while ‘thammudu’ will stick with the TDP.  
The Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation is ready to launch a slew of projects next week.  
Kanna has written to the government, wanting the immediate arrest of data theft culprits.  
In Nagpur, a body has been identified in the Kamptee murder case.  
The MHT CET 2020 exam dates have been announced.  
A Bihar trio was held in possession of marijuana candy in Chennai.  
The civic body plans to rope in e-rickshaws to collect waste.  
Men were found working on overhead wires as trains cruised by in Farrukhabad.  
'The capital is at the top in accident blackspots'.  
In Pilibhit, an ENT surgeon has been booked for the death of a five-year-old.  
A Bengaluru court has dropped the assault case against Bishop PK Samuel.  
The government has identified sand stock points.  
Eight degree colleges will come up in the Rohilkhand region.  
A 15-year-old has drowned in the Yeleru canal.  
In Gujarat, the online attendance system will be taken to self-financed schools.  
In Chennai, motorists are jumping the signal at Ashok Pillar, leaving pedestrians at risk.  
A new department at GRH will focus on the rehabilitation of patients after surgery.  
The university’s innovative integrated B.Ed, M.Ed course is caught in a legal tangle.  
Police have conducted a raid on Manoli Island in the Gulf of Mannar and recovered a metal box.  
A gangster wanted by UP Police was found working as a labourer in Punjab.  
Tales thalis tell  
In Agra, an NRI businessman charged after August 5 under the PSA has been released for three months.  
In Uttar Pradesh, a 15-year-old schoolgirl was dragged in a car and stripped; bikers rescued her.  
More than 100 metric tonnes of plastic waste have been removed from Vizianagaram’s tanks.  
A woman Naxalite has been arrested in Gadchiroli.  
"We could have pumped water to Teppakulam with old motors."  
The beach hospital centre will match Noida district hospital standards.  
Shallots grown in Tuticorin district have been affected by purple botch disease.  
The city airport will engage a Bengaluru agency to check bird hits.  
A print mistake has caused a 24-mark scare for BCom final year students.  
A finance firm owner has lost Rs 50 lakh in a SIM card fraud.  
The dance of gods is being taken to the common man.  
Bareilly has got a 'jhumka' installed at Parsakhera.  
In Gujarat, a bill to form the Statue of Unity authority has been moved.  
An emergency number will be introduced soon for women in Haryana.  
The discharge of sewage into the Vandiyur channel has been stopped.  
The Kheri SDM picked a boy from a tea stall and admitted him to school.  
Four people have been held for the theft of bronze idols from Thickurichy Mahadevar temple.  
Soon, international passengers at Ahmedabad airport will head directly for check-in.  
The Kasaragod bridge is among the tallest in the state.  
A women’s forum is demanding justice for the Unnao rape victim.  
Moryani has been re-arrested for threatening kin.  
Barrages built on Marathwada rivers are holding 11.3 TMC of water.  
Three persons have been killed in separate accidents.  
In Bareilly, two people have been held for sharing a girl’s number on social media.  
Naval wives are carving out their own identities today, says the first lady of ENC.  
One tonne of banned polypropylene bags has been seized from a train.  
Villages may have been named after lost native paddy varieties.  
Is waning faith in courts triggering shootouts?  
Onlookers have thronged the spot at Chatanpally.  
The MHA has issued a lookout circular on Gujarat firm directors in the MP e-tender case.  
Srinagara Kitty will star in the Kannada remake of C/O Kancharapalem.  
Mohanlal and Trisha's action thriller will be shot in multiple countries.  
Bengaluru has witnessed 94 trainees joining the Indian Army.  
Bengaluru girls are inching closer to conquering the universe.
Rahul Dev Shetty will debut in Malayalam cinema.  
Say hello to these women who are getting cracking on zero-waste shopping.  
Ajith will start shooting for Vinoth’s directorial in Hyderabad.  
Hindustani, Classical, and Carnatic music took centre stage in Bengaluru.  
Sanal Kumar’s Venice film festival selection will be released in Tamil.  
Bengaluru witnessed 94 trainees joining the Indian Army.  
In the Ranji Trophy, Goa is looking to find its way back among the Elite.  
Coach Venkatesh has said that Arrows have the best Indian players.  
The Highways Ministry has urged the RBI to exempt FASTags from the KYC norm.  
These are the big sports events today.  
The government is looking to scale up the coverage of piped drinking water to village households.  
Boris performed a puja at a UK temple and vowed to partner with Modi to build a ‘new India’.  
Another avoidable tragedy: A fire in a building with illegal units in the heart of Delhi has killed 43 people.  
Prime Minister Modi has said that the police must make women feel safe.  
There was a fire show and chants of shlokas for this newlyweds’ entry.  
Vidya Balan has said that when she heard about the recent rape cases, she felt like crying.  
Mumbaikars grooved to DJ Alan Walker’s tunes.  
Viineet Kumar has said that there is a special place for the KD Singh Babu Stadium in his heart.  
Vidya Balan has said that when she heard about the recent rape cases, she felt like crying.  
Mumbaikars showed up in large numbers for the pet adoptathon.  
Vidya Balan has said that when she heard about the recent rape cases, she felt like crying.  
There is a special place for the KD Singh Babu Stadium in my heart, says Viineet Kumar.  
Over 36 lakh women farmers have benefited from the government scheme.  
Five people have been held for plotting an onion-laden truck’s accident.  
When Dev learned the tricks of football from Bhaichung Bhutia.  
Aamir Khan ‘ran’ through Kolkata.  
Bhaichung Bhutia has said, "I have a very simple life. My biopic won’t appeal to people."  
Over 7,000 students have exited IITs in the last five years, losing their coveted tag.  
A heated debate is likely as the Lok Sabha will vote today on the citizenship bill.  
Unnao’s 'beti' was buried amid high security; the village remains tense.  
The bypoll results today are set to decide the fate of the Karnataka rebels.  
A toll plaza was fined Rs 1 lakh for charging Rs 40 from a driver with a pass.  
The numbers do not look good, but the opposition is ready for the fight.  
ISRO space tech cells at IITs will promote student research.  
In Kolkata, AI-integrated cameras will keep vigil on Eco Park lake.  
A decision on the Banaras Hindu University Sanskrit professor’s appointment will be made today.  
In Surat, diamantaires hesitate to buy fresh rough diamond stock due to weak demand.  
NGOs have joined hands to raise awareness on child rights.  
A college boy’s death in an accident has sparked mob fury in Begusarai.  
Railways will reduce the frequency of 38 trains from December 16.  
I am being made a victim by the district police, says Bihar BJP president Sanjay Jaiswal.  
Yes Bank has moved in to name wilful defaulters.  
East Central Railway has stepped up security for women passengers.  
BSRTC buses will be converted into CNG in Patna.  
A fall in temperature has led to a rise in cases of seasonal diseases.  
The Aditya Birla Group will not face fund or bid curbs amid telco woes.  
Dr. Sanjay Jaiswal will be elected Bihar BJP president by December 22.  
The daily onion demand is 800 tonnes, but Kolkata has only 50 tonnes left.  
Amazon India has halted ‘search-seeding’.  
Now, the best cop will receive an ‘employee of the month’ award.  
Nalanda Sainik School cadets have launched a cleanliness drive.  
Super 30 founder Anand Kumar will attend the FIA function in the US on Republic Day.  
An Ahmedabad man secured a job using a fake degree; the bank has filed a complaint.  
From vertical gardens to water cascades will be installed at busy Hyderabad junctions.  
Illegal parking on airport premises will attract hefty fines.  
Pathan has said that India has the best fast-bowling line-up in the world.  
A youth was found dead in Mussoorie; police suspect suicide.  
In Ahmedabad, four people have been nabbed for killing a 32-year-old man.  
Manish Kumar of Chhatra JAP is the Patna University Students’ Union president.  
The sloped CIT Road pavement makes space for pedestrians and cars.  
In the Nirbhaya case, Buxar prisoners are preparing hanging ropes.  
In Surat, three kids have gone missing from Udhna.  
At least nine kids go missing per day in Andhra Pradesh.  
The chief secretary has offered prayers at Tirumala.  
Citizens have united against the state’s ‘costliest’ tap water supply.  
Three people smuggling drugs in packets of dates have been held from a Behala complex.  
Soon, waste generated at Bodyguard Lines will be used to fuel its kitchen.  
The sale of pan masala is rampant despite a ban in Bihar.  
For tears of joy, donate blood and receive free onions.  
In Surat, a depressed man jumped to his death from the ninth floor.  
An MPSC aspirant and a labourer have been held for a finance company robbery.  
The number of desi women opting to travel alone has risen by 75%.  
Caste bias plagues civil services, says a former IAS officer.  
One lakh IPPB accounts have been opened in Bihar, says Union minister Ravi Shankar Prasad.  
In Vijayawada, a cop turned hero as he rescued a girl who jumped into the Krishna river.  
The Patna University Students’ Union election results are a big jolt to NDA student wings.  
54,000 candidates appeared for the Central Teacher Eligibility Test.  
A software engineer on a morning walk was knocked to death on Dumas Road.  
Some trains have been cancelled on the Nanded-Panvel route.  
A youth detained in a theft case has confessed to having committed murder.  
The assembly session is likely to discuss measures to ensure women’s safety.  
A new college in Ballia will be named after ‘Nirbhaya’.  
In Hyderabad, cops responded to a dial 100 call in six minutes.  
The fate of a new pipeline project hangs in the balance.  
The assembly session is likely to discuss measures to ensure women’s safety.  
Retro songs kept the audience engaged.  
Rural police will organise an awareness camp in Malegaon for women and girls on safety.  
Squatters have taken over Rudrapur main market again.  
The revenue department has begun preparing a database for an artificial lake.  
Pawan Kalyan has threatened a one-day hunger strike.  
An academic leadership program was held at IIT-BHU.  
Jewellery worth Rs 10 lakh was stolen from a marriage venue.  
A fire broke out at a ‘boondi potu’ after a ghee tin fell onto the stove.  
In Badaun, relatives have written to the DM seeking action against the SDM.  
A 40-year-old man has been arrested for marrying a 16-year-old girl.  
The grahak panchayat wants a tariff chart to be placed behind the auto driver’s seat.  
City and rural police have formed ‘Election Cells’.  
The tallest bridge in Malabar has been inaugurated.  
There will be a four-hour power cut in the mornings until December 18 in Indore.  
In six months, the bodies of two minor girls have been stolen from graveyards.  
Women diabetic patients receive less care, according to a study.  
A change in mindset is the need of the hour, says M. Venkaiah Naidu.  
The VDA will act tough against illegal constructions along the Ganga.  
Two people have been held for selling ganja in Mydukur.  
Baba Ramdev has supported PM Narendra Modi over onion prices.  
There was no Sanju and no victory, but fans showed excellent spirit.  
Two Bangladeshi immigrants have been nabbed from Kangeyam.  
The victim’s sister has given a seven-day deadline to the government.  
In Vijayawada, a girl was reunited with her parents after 15 years.  
The cry for justice in the Unnao rape case echoes in the city.  
The corporation will popularize a housing scheme.  
Four more people have been arrested in the realtor murder case.  
Balasaheb Thorat has said that Congress is ready to welcome Eknath Khadse.  
Notices have been issued to 76 squatters in the buffer area of DTR.  
The MSRTC will start live-tracking of buses for travel comfort.  
The metro project is designed to ensure minimum impact on private land.  
Deputy CM K. Narayana Swamy has inaugurated the prohibition campaign committee state office.  
Tea will be served in kulhads, not thermocol cups, at the Magh Mela, which is set for a plastic-free show.  
The IUML-Samastha power struggle has affected a crucial meeting.  
A blast by Reds has injured two CRPF men on poll duty.  
In Coimbatore, an English teacher has been held for sexually abusing a minor.  
Two people, including a minor, have been arrested for gangraping a schoolgirl in Rajgarh.  
Energy clubs at schools will foster power conservation.  
In Chennai, six members of a family were held after a false alarm on child sale.  
In UP, a 26-year-old man died as a tractor-trolley hit his bike.  
The BDA has demolished six illegal structures on 20 bighas.  
An uprooted mosque signboard has spurred protests in Pratapgarh.  
Rewinding to the origins of Margazhi.  
A gang rape accused was arrested after the survivor hanged herself.  
Energy clubs at schools will foster power conservation.  
A man has been held under POCSO for assaulting a minor.  
The horticulture department will create demonstration plots to teach farmers integrated pest management.  
CFU has completed 100 weeks of cleaning up Uyyakondan.  
Here, students are cashing in on cricket fever.  
In Allahabad, a teacher away on vacation with family had their house robbed.  
The civic body is reaching out to residents to pay taxes on time.  
Workers are demanding a loan waiver.  
The High Court has transferred a job racket case to the CB-CID due to police inaction.  
Four people have been held in Tiruvottiyur with 15 kg of ganja.  
A youth has been booked for kidnapping a 16-year-old girl in Budaun village.  
In Madhya Pradesh, a bank failed to pay an insurance claim and was fined Rs 2 lakh.  
Madhya Pradesh’s Fire Act lacks teeth.  
In an ATM fraud, a retired official lost Rs 65,000.  
Five NSUI leaders have been sent to jail for blackening the UP chief minister Yogi Adityanath’s posters outside the DVVNL office.  
Six people took ill after having food, and Buhari Hotel was ordered shut.  
From humble beginnings, power-packed cycle polo is today a sought-after sport.  
CBSE schools are taking up the fitness challenge for a five-star tag.  
A Kerala couple died in a road accident near Thanjavur.  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has stressed effective policing to ensure women feel safe and secure.  
Congress has resorted to Gandhigiri after Shivraj Singh Chouhan's remark on CM Kamal Nath.  
Madhya Pradesh will be a centre of excellence for the 2024 Olympics, according to the Union sports secretary.  
Members of a CTET solver gang have been arrested in Moradabad.  
Cows have died at a private shelter in Mathura.  
A commoner pays for tax incentives given to corporate companies, says P. Chidambaram.  
Two women have been held for chit fund fraud in Chennai.  
A jail warden candidate’s disqualification has been quashed.  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi called on Arun Shourie at the hospital on his way to Pune airport.  
The Nashik bus terminus will have a new address at Nashik Road.  
Residents have bought a boat to keep Ramar oorani clean.  
The Adivaram-Lakkidi cable car project is on the right track.  
In Kerala, a 61-year-old man has been arrested for raping a minor girl.  
An AMU alumnus has urged the HRD minister to set up Hindu theological studies and a research centre in the university.  
The Pune Municipal Corporation will repair culverts over the Mutha canal soon.  
A man died in a suicide pact, but his wife was rescued.  
The Congress has slammed the Centre for the urea crisis in the state.  
A panchayat union primary school has urged people to contribute to the story corner.  
In Pune, IISER scientists have been urged to make low-cost technologies.  
The seizure of 4,500 turtles hints at a larger conspiracy.  
The Plastic-free Madurai Marathon 2020 will be held on January 5.  
Rowdies tried to kill a man and were booked.  
In a techie death case, the Madras High Court has enhanced the payout to the kin by Rs 20 lakh.  
The AMC will file an FIR for installing illegal hoardings in Agra.  
In Tamil Nadu, a man was held while smuggling sand in a tourist van.  
For the first time, a herd of swamp deer was spotted near the Ganga barrage, and the forest department has increased its vigil.  
Pragya Singh Thakur has cancelled her visit to Biaora.  
One person was killed and ten injured in a fire at a house in Mathura.  
AMU students are opposing the Citizenship Amendment Bill.  
A store owner was robbed of Rs 2.5 lakh and 500 US dollars at gunpoint in Panchkula.  
A chill has set in as Nashik records the minimum temperature for the season.  
The HoD of Meerut Medical College has been booked for molestation.  
Leakage in the main pipeline has affected over 12 localities in Agra.  
Residents have created a structure to overcome the ‘plastic monster’.  
Four people have been booked for an acid attack on a woman for refusing to withdraw a rape case.  
In a road rage incident, a trader was shot dead and the accused was arrested.  
The latest drugs in glaucoma can help avoid surgery, according to an expert.  
Aparna Sen has asked, "Do we want a country where cops decide the culprits and just kill them?"  
In Chandigarh, a GMCH doctor has been booked for sexually harassing three juniors.  
The Jaipur municipal corporation has finalized the boundaries of 250 wards and posted the maps on its website.  
In Gujarat, leopard terror continues in Bagasra as a woman was attacked.  
There will be no Q&A session in the winter sitting.  
MV Bhaskara Rao has said to fix the system first if you want to stop jubilation around such encounters.  
For municipal corporation elections, the Rajasthan government has fixed seats on the basis of categories.  
In Nashik, 44 schools have done away with junk food.  
The Ankur film festival has received over 500 entries.  
Notable debut: Eleven men will fulfil a 37-year-long dream of ten lakh.  
In the Panchkula suicide case, the girl went to Shimla alone.  
Stray dogs and four rabbits have found permanent homes.  
Last staged 67 years ago, ‘Amaldar’ has returned to VSS with new actors under old patrons.  
A drunken brawl has ended in a farmer’s murder.  
A body with a bullet wound was found on the Jaipur-Delhi National Highway.  
Cotton farmers in Sangareddy have reaped losses due to spurious seeds and are seeking compensation.  
In Uttar Pradesh, a 14-year-old girl was abducted on her way to school and raped by a youth in Bijnor.  
Accident cases registered are hit-and-run incidents.  
A Panjab University study has found that women in Haryana bleed openly during menstruation.  
In Gujarat, a labourer was found murdered in Morbi.  
The CPI will protest against eco policies from January 1.  
Poor network has prevented the panchayat raj wing from providing e-services in Rajasthan.  
A universe seeker turned clean-eating advocate, an astrophysicist is promoting natural farming.  
In Kalyan, headless body parts of a woman have been found in a bag.  
Will water ATMs be a viable business?  
Four thieves stealing from trucks gave a police team the slip.  
A man has been held for killing his paramour’s ex-lover.  
In Rajasthan, discoms tripped on payment to solar firms, raising NPA fears.  
A 23-year-old was stabbed to death in the Bhadrakali area.  
The Rajasthan government has asked BTU to grant a loan to BEGC.  
In Rajasthan, discoms tripped on payment to solar firms, raising NPA fears.  
Pilgrims from Kolkata have taken a new corridor to visit Kartarpur Sahib gurdwara in Pakistan.  
In Rajasthan, discoms tripped on payment to solar firms, raising NPA fears.  
Not a single player practises at Panjab University’s Khelo India centre.  
A former BJP MLA has been arrested in a land grabbing case.  
The Madras High Court has approved the dismissal of a police constable who cheated a woman.  
Get ready for cashless transactions.  
The mercury has dipped and Sikar is shivering at 5.5°C.  
Ramesh Chand Meena has condemned negligence in the food security scheme.  
The Telangana government has set up an SIT to probe the encounter of rape suspects.  
In West Bengal, a woman and her paramour have been held for a man’s murder.  
The Rajasthan BJP has grilled the government over crimes against women.  
Urban Gujarat has spent less than the national average.  
‘CM K. Chandrasekhar Rao must take an all-party delegation to Prime Minister Narendra Modi.’  
Residents have joined hands with activists to remove nails from trees.  
Villagers are brimming with unity and have drowned their water woes.  
A 12-year-old girl died and eight others were injured in a road accident in Madurai.  
Seven people from Mumbai have been booked for cheating a jeweller of Rs 40 lakh.  
MSU will map teachers’ ability in dealing with special children.  
In Kerala, roosts of a rare bat species have been found.  
The national science camp has got off to a flying start with 400 students.  
An engineering student has been held for posing as an IAF officer.  
MKU distance education students will get books and syllabus this week, according to the VC.  
The Delhi market fire is a wake-up call for Kolkata’s markets.  
A drunk duo traumatized a 14-year-old for an hour.